GOP Eyes Gains As Voters In 11 States Pick Governors Enlarge this image toggle caption Jim Cole/AP Jim Cole/AP Voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight, and Republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one, with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation's top state offices. Eight of the gubernatorial seats up for grabs are now held by Democrats; three are in Republican hands. Republicans currently hold 29 governorships, Democrats have 20, and Rhode Island's Gov. Lincoln Chafee is an Independent. Polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight's contests are considered competitive, all in states where incumbent Democratic governors aren't running again: Montana, New Hampshire and Washington. While those state races remain too close to call, Republicans are expected to wrest the North Carolina governorship from Democratic control, and to easily win GOP-held seats in Utah, North Dakota and Indiana. Democrats are likely to hold on to their seats in West Virginia and Missouri, and are expected to notch safe wins in races for seats they hold in Vermont and Delaware. Holding Sway On Health Care While the occupant of the governor's office is historically far less important than the party that controls the state legislature, top state officials in coming years are expected to wield significant influence in at least one major area. And that's health care, says political scientist Thad Kousser, co-author of The Power of American Governors. "No matter who wins the

GOP Eyes Gains As Voters In 11 States Pick Governors Jim Cole / AP i Jim Cole / AP Voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight, and Republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one, and with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation's top state offices. Eight of the gubernatorial seats up for grabs today are now held by Democrats; three are in Republican hands. Republicans currently hold 29 governorships, Democrats have 20; and Rhode Island's Gov. Lincoln Chafee is an Independent. Polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight's contests are considered competitive, all in states where incumbent Democratic governors aren't running again: Montana, New Hampshire and Washington. While those state races remain too close to call, Republicans are expected to wrest the North Carolina governorship from Democratic control, and to easily win GOP-held seats in Utah, North Dakota and Indiana. Democrats are likely hold on to their seats in West Virginia and Missouri; and expected to notch safe wins in races for seats they hold in Vermont and Delaware. Holding Sway On Health Care While the occupant of the governor's office is historically far less important than the party that controls the state legislature, top state officials in coming years are expected to wield significant influence in at least one major area. And that's health care, says political scientist Thad Kousser, co-author of The Power of American Governors. "No matter who wins the

UPDATE: 4/19/2001 Read Richard Metzger: How I, a married, middle-aged man, became an accidental spokesperson for gay rights overnight on Boing Boing It’s time to clarify a few details about the controversial “Hey Facebook what’s SO wrong with a pic of two men kissing?” story, as it now beginning to be reported in the mainstream media, and not always correctly. First of all, with regards to the picture: The photo which was used to illustrate my first post about the John Snow Kiss-In is a promotional still from the British soap opera “Eastenders.” It features one of the main characters from the show (Christian Clarke, played by the actor John Partridge- left) and someone else who I don’t know. I am not a regular viewer so I can’t say if the man on the right is an extra or an actual character. This picture has itself caused scandal in the UK, as it was a gay kiss that was broadcast before the watershed, and as such led to a number of complaints to the BBC. However, since this episode aired (October 2008) Christian now has a boyfriend and a few more gay kisses have taken place. In relation to the John Snow Kiss-In event, I used this particular photo because I considered it to be quite mild (no groping, no tongues). The photos I had considered using before I chose that one are much more racy. Oh the irony! Secondly, the removal of the Facebook John Snow Kiss-In event: It

|| News || Page 1 of 1 UPDATED: A photo of two men kissing that was posted on a Facebook page protesting a London pub’s decision to eject a same-sex couple for kissing has been removed by the social networking site, an error, according to a rep for the company. "The photo in question does not violate our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities and was removed in error," the statement, obtained by America Blog, says. We apologize for the inconvenience" The Dangerous Minds Facebook page was set up to promote a “gay kiss-in” demonstration in London to protest the pub. The page used a photo of two men kissing to promote the event. According to NYULocal.com, the photo was quickly removed and the following e-mail was sent to administrators of the Facebook page: “Shares that contain nudity, or any kind of graphic or sexually suggestive content, are not permitted on Facebook.” The decision to remove the photo has prompted scores of people to post their own pictures of same-sex couples kissing in protest — dozens in the last few hours alone.

It's the Golden State's latest version of the Great Secession. Fed up by Sacramento's regulations and Southern California's political sway, residents in one rural Northern California county are taking steps to leave the state. The Siskiyou County Board of Supervisors voted, 4-1, on Tuesday to pursue seceding from California, the Redding Record Searchlight reported. Proponents say Siskiyou should form a new state -- called Jefferson -- with other counties in Northern California and Southern Oregon they believe share similar interests. On Tuesday more than 100 people filled the supervisors' chambers, many of whom indicated support for the declaration, the Searchlight reported. When a speaker asked those in the audience who was in favor, "nearly every hand in the room was raised," the newspaper said. "Many proposed laws are unconstitutional and deny us our God-given rights," said Happy Camp resident Gabe Garrison. "We need our own state so we can make laws that fit our way of life." "The state of Jefferson is the place I want to raise my son," Kayla Brown said. Resident complaints include a lack of representation in Sacramento and insufficient attention to major issues for the county, such as water rights and a rural fire prevention fee, the Searchlight reported. "We have to have government that's local, understands our issues and has empathy," said Mark Baird, a rancher who the Searchlight said was heading the effort. Supervisor Marcia Armstrong cited restoration of limited government as one of the reasons she supported the declaration. "We also have

The Siskiyou County Board of Supervisors voted 4-1 on Tuesday to support the county's split from the state of California. It's the first in a long series of steps to form the proposed state of Jefferson, which proponents of the effort say would bring representation to rural North State counties that currently are beholden to the whims of representatives of the more heavily populated Southern California and free them from burdensome state regulations. ”We have to have government that's local, understands our issues and has empathy” for those affected, said Mark Baird, a Scott Valley rancher who's also president for Scott Valley Protect Our Water and vice president of the Siskiyou Water User's Association. Baird is leading the charge to form a new state from rural counties in Northern California and Southern Oregon, though he certainly wasn't the only voice in support of the move. More than 100 people packed the supervisors' chambers Tuesday for the discussion on whether the county should issue a declaration that it wants to secede from the state. Nearly all those in attendance appeared to be for the move and about a dozen spoke in support of it. ”Many proposed laws are unconstitutional and deny us our God-given rights,” said Gabe Garrison of Happy Camp. “We need our own state so we can make laws that fit our way of life.” Among those in attendance was Erin Ryan, field representative for Rep. Advertisement Doug LaMalfa. When asked for the congressman's opinion, she said that she

The seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the Wayback Machine This crawl was run at a level 1 (URLs including their embeds, plus the URLs of all outbound links including their embeds) The WARC files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public.

Summary: Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia is aimed at building a devices and services strategy, but the joint company won't take the same form as Apple. Microsoft has been working on its evolution into a devices and services company, away from the services business it has traditionally been, for several years now with limited success. Its acquisition of most of Nokia is the latest acceleration of that strategy — to move further away from the moribund world of the beige desktop and towards the sunlit world of smartphones and tablets. Owning the desktop (via Windows) and building additional services on top, like Office or search, has been vital for Microsoft's strategy until now, so as our interest shifts from the desktop to the tablet or smartphone it's essential to Microsoft's broader business (even Azure) that it can retain that connection in some form. To be a winner in the business market it also has to be a winner in the consumer market, something that wasn't the case a decade ago. As Microsoft's own presentation about the deal, announced on Monday, notes: "With the consumerisation of IT user matter at both home and work... We cannot risk having Apple or Google foreclose app innovation, integration, distribution or economics." Nokia lashed itself to Microsoft's mast after losing out to iOS and Android in the smartphone market share stakes and with the limited success of the Lumia range so far enough to keep interest in Windows Phone alive, most analysts are seeing a certain

Microsoft is buying Nokia's cell phone business and licensing its patent portfolio, according to both companies. In 2003, Nokia's cell phone market share exceeded 35%. That same year, its phone business alone posted an operating profit of 5.48 billion euros. Today's sale price, which includes 1.65 billion euros in patents, is just 5.44 billion euros. It's been a rough decade. Nokia's cell phone collapse has been a spectacular one. The Finnish giant dominated the dumbphone era after Motorola, another faded star that recently fell into the hands of a comparative upstart. But it was blindsided by Apple, then deprived of a chance to regain its footing by an even more aggressive Google, which followed close behind. The story, in hindsight, is simple: Nokia did not have a truly compelling smartphone ready when a large segment of the developed world was first compelled by smartphones. Whether this was the result of complacency — Nokia was, in the mid-2000s, the leader of the niche smartphone category — doesn't matter now. Nokia's miscalculations became impossible to ignore in 2008, the same year Microsoft decided, internally at least, to scrap its ancient and inadequate Windows Mobile platform in favor of something entirely new. Under these circumstances, it's easy to imagine how a sort of camaraderie might have emerged at the time, or at least a mutual sympathy. Certainly a shared interest: to break back into the market from which they had been unceremoniously expelled. During the next two years, while Microsoft readied Windows Phone

Hello there, There is a pertinent story about a man who was working on an oil platform in the North Sea. He woke up one night from a loud explosion, which suddenly set his entire oil platform on fire. In mere moments, he was surrounded by flames. Through the smoke and heat, he barely made his way out of the chaos to the platform's edge. When he looked down over the edge, all he could see were the dark, cold, foreboding Atlantic waters. As the fire approached him, the man had mere seconds to react. He could stand on the platform, and inevitably be consumed by the burning flames. Or, he could plunge 30 meters in to the freezing waters. The man was standing upon a "burning platform," and he needed to make a choice. He decided to jump. It was unexpected. In ordinary circumstances, the man would never consider plunging into icy waters. But these were not ordinary times - his platform was on fire. The man survived the fall and the waters. After he was rescued, he noted that a "burning platform" caused a radical change in his behaviour. We too, are standing on a "burning platform," and we must decide how we are going to change our behaviour. Over the past few months, I've shared with you what I've heard from our shareholders, operators, developers, suppliers and from you. Today, I'm going to share what I've learned and what I have come to believe. I have learned

After a year in which liberals scored impressive, high-profile Supreme Court victories, conservatives could be in line for wins on some of this term's most contentious issues, as the justices consider cases that could gut public sector labor unions and roll back affirmative action at state universities. However, as the court's new term kicks off Monday, uncertainty surrounds several other politically potent cases that could wind up on the court’s agenda. Story Continued Below Litigation over state efforts to limit abortion by regulating clinics and doctors is making its way to the high court. And the justices are already facing a batch of petitions involving the rights of religious institutions to opt out of providing contraception under Obamacare. Both issues seem likely to land on this term's docket, although the justices haven’t formally taken up either. Many in the Obama administration would also like to see the court weigh in on immigration in coming months, upholding the president’s right to grant quasi-legal status and work permits to millions of immigrants who entered the U.S. illegally as children. But it’s unclear whether that fight will get to the justices in time for a decision this term or whether Obama’s effort to expand his executive actions on immigration will remain blocked by a lower court order until the president leaves office. Here’s POLITICO’s look at five of the most important cases the justices could grapple with soon: A potential body blow to labor Public-employee unions and politicians of both parties are keenly

The new term’s biggest rulings will land in June, as the 2016 presidential campaign enters its final stretch, and they will help shape the political debate. “Constitutional law and politics are certainly not the same thing, but they are interrelated, never more so than in a presidential election year that will likely determine who gets to appoint the next justice or two or three,” said Vikram D. Amar, dean of the University of Illinois College of Law. By the time the next president is inaugurated, Justice Stephen G. Breyer will be 78, Justices Scalia and Kennedy will be 80, and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg will be 83. “This coming term will again put into focus that the court is divided along partisan lines and that the 2016 presidential elections will be hugely consequential in shaping constitutional and other law for perhaps a generation or more,” said Neal E. Devins, a law professor at William & Mary. The current court is the first in history split along partisan lines, where the party of the president who appointed each justice is a reliable predictor of judicial ideology. Put another way, all five Republican appointees are to the right of all four Democratic appointees. It was not long ago that Republican appointees like Justices John Paul Stevens and David H. Souter routinely voted with the court’s liberal wing. As a consequence of the current alignment, Professor Devins said, “the Roberts court has generated more marquee decisions divided by party alignment than all other

WASHINGTON—The death penalty is shaping up to be a big issue for the Supreme Court as it begins a new term Monday, with at least six capital-punishment cases on the docket and a recent wave of executions keeping the justices up late to field last-minute appeals. In the weeks ahead, the court is set to hear arguments over the constitutionality of capital sentences in Florida, Georgia, Kansas and Pennsylvania. The focus on execution issues follows a 5-4 ruling last term involving a sedative used for lethal injections. The split...

If True, Building Set For Demolition Could Be Manhattan's Oldest October 15, 2013 5:39 PM Preservationist Adam Woodward discovered a cellar that he believes could be the foundation of the Revolutionary War-era Bull’s Head Tavern. (credit: Adam Woodward) NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A preservationist says he has found evidence that a Manhattan building is the former site of an 18th-century tavern where George Washington is believed to have enjoyed a celebratory drink during the American Revolution. If it is indeed the home of the legendary watering hole, the discovery could mean that the building that is perhaps Manhattan’s oldest is slated to demolished. “After the English had marched up the Bowery and out of the city (in 1783), George Washington and Governor (George) Clinton stopped at the Bull’s Head (tavern),” preservationist Adam Woodward told WCBS 880’s Alex Silverman. play pause Preservationist Believes He's Found Tavern Where George Washington Visited WCBS 880's Alex Silverman... The building at 50 Bowery, which has had many faces since, is being prepared for demolition so a hotel can be built at the site. Legend had it that “the Bull’s Head’s structure, cellar, bones” were still inside, Woodward said. He decided to poke around and, in the basement, Woodward found what he believes are Colonial-era, hand-hewn and hand-planed joists and foundation walls. “Found myself in what I am pretty certain is the 1750s historic tavern,” he said. Woodward said he felt compelled to investigate in the building, which once housed a chain drugstore and the Atlantic

Photo Maybe George Washington slept there, or maybe he only watered his horse and ordered stronger stuff for himself. Either way, David Freeland sounded excited as he crossed the threshold where a famous Colonial-era tavern, the Bull’s Head, once welcomed thirsty out-of-towners. “There are treasures inside,” said Mr. Freeland, an author and a historian who researched the site for a book about a beer garden that later occupied the tavern’s place on the Bowery. Photo But all he saw was debris from the building’s most recent life, as a chain drugstore with a Chinese restaurant upstairs. He did not reach the treasures that thrilled local-history aficionados over the weekend — namely, some old-looking joists and foundation walls in the basement — because the steps were blocked by rubble. The site is to be cleared for a hotel. The joists were discovered by a photographer and preservationist, Adam Woodward, who suspects that structural elements of the Colonial-era tavern were used in the construction of the much larger beer hall, the Atlantic Garden. It reigned as “one of the show places of New York” from 1858 on, The New York Times said when it finally shut down in 1911. But what about the tavern where Washington established his temporary headquarters in November 1783 as the British withdrew? “The whole issue of whether the Bull’s Head was buried inside the Atlantic Garden was one of the great mysteries of New York,” Mr. Woodward said. Until, apparently, the other day, when he got a

Elected officials and the Landmarks Preservation Commission are both doing their best to launch a thorough investigation of what may very well be the famed 18th century saloon the Bull's Head Tavern, but their options are limited. Photographer Adam Woodward first documented the ancient, hand-planed wood joists and stone foundation in the basement of 50 Bowery last week, and both he and historian David Freeland are convinced that these are the remnants of Bull's Head. If so, this would be the oldest surviving structure in Manhattan by far, and as Woodward puts it, an "incredible opportunity to get on archaeological record." But the fate of the site depends on the current owner, Alex Chu, who is demolishing the site to make way for a new hotel. The Landmarks Commission tells The Lo-Down that they're "aware of the situation," but "cannot require the owner to conduct archaeology." The best they can do is give the owner a list of good archaeologists. Some elected officials are also getting involved, but again they've got to take it up with Chu first. · Landmarks Commission: No Jurisdiction to Mandate Historic Site Survey at 50 Bowery [TLD] · All Coverage of Bull's Head Tavern [~ENY~]

A still image taken from Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) video footage shows what they say is a small unidentified aircraft shot down in a mid-air interception after it crossed into southern Israel October 6, 2012. DUBAI (Reuters) - The incursion by an unmanned aircraft into Israeli airspace at the weekend exposed the weakness of Israeli air defenses, an Iranian military official was quoted as saying on Monday. The Israeli air force shot down a drone on Saturday after it crossed into southern Israel, the military said, but it remained unclear where the aircraft had come from. Jamaluddin Aberoumand, deputy coordinator for Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, said the incident indicated that Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile defense system "does not work and lacks the necessary capacity", Fars news agency reported. The Iron Dome system, jointly funded with the United States, is designed to shoot down short-range guerrilla rockets, not slow-flying aircraft. It intercepted more than 80 percent of the targets it engaged in March when nearly 300 rockets and mortars were fired at southern Israel, the Pentagon said at the time. The drone was first spotted above the Mediterranean near the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip to the west of Israel, said military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich. An Israeli warplane shot it down above a forest near the occupied West Bank. Israeli parliament member Miri Regev, a former chief spokesman of the military, wrote on Twitter it was an "Iranian drone launched by Hezbollah", referring to the Lebanese Shi'ite group that fought a war

GAZA Israel said it struck targets in the Gaza Strip on Monday after Palestinian militants fired rockets at southern Israel, in what they said was a response to an Israeli air strike that killed one militant and wounded a second a day earlier. Israel said its air raid targeted 25-year-old Mohammed Makawi whom it linked to a radical group involved in a recent Sinai border attack in which an Israeli was killed. Hospital sources in Gaza said Makawi died of his wounds. The armed wing of Hamas, the Islamists who control the Gaza Strip, said it had joined in Monday's rocket attack along with the smaller Islamic Jihad group. Gaza has been under the control of Hamas since 2007. The Islamist group rejects permanent peace with Israel and the two sides fought a three-week war in December-January 2008-2009. The border is tense, with frequent clashes. The Israeli army says over 470 rockets have been fired from Gaza this year, but it was the first time since June that Hamas had acknowledged launching rockets at Israel. A Hamas spokesman said the movement would not remain passive in the face of what it called "one-sided" Israeli violence. The Israeli army said it had targeted "Hamas terror activity sites and terrorist squads responsible for the rocket fire", but gave no details. Israeli forces say they will not tolerate such attacks and will hold Hamas responsible for them. Gaza hospital officials said one Islamic Jihad militant thought to have been involved in the rocket

PARIS (AP) — The Pompidou Centre in Paris hopes to display a long-vanished Picasso painting in May, now that it has been recovered by U.S. customs authorities. This undated photo provided by the United States Department of Justice, shows a cubist painting entitled “The Hairdresser” by Pablo Picasso. Authorities say the painting worth millions of dollars was... (Associated Press) The 1911 cubist painting "The Hairdresser," worth millions of dollars, was reported missing from a Pompidou storeroom in 2001. It was smuggled into the U.S. in December from Belgium. Pompidou director Alain Seban said the discovery comes as a "true comfort" at a time when the cultural world is reeling from an Islamic State video showing the destruction of statues in Iraq. Seban said in a statement Friday that he hopes the work can be exhibited again publicly in May. U.S. and French authorities have not announced any arrests in the case.

A stolen Picasso worth millions of dollars was shipped to the U.S. in a package that described it as a $37 "art craft" — but it will soon be on its way back to France. Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn filed papers Thursday to forfeit the century-old cubist painting, which was swiped from a museum storeroom in 2001. "A lost treasure has been found," U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said in a statement. The canvas, titled "La Coiffeuse," was bequeathed to France's National Museum and was placed in storage at the Centre Georges Pompidou, where staffers discovered it was missing when they received a loan request for it. It was shipped by Federal Express from Belgium in December and seized at the Port of Newark. Officials said shipper was identified only as "Robert" and the destination was a climate-controlled storage facility in Queens. Court papers did not indicate whether the sender or intended recipient have been identified. La Coiffeuse, painted by Picasso in 1911. U.S. Department of Justice Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed 0:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog IN-DEPTH — Tracy Connor

A Picasso painting missing from Paris for more than a decade resurfaced in the United States, where it had been shipped under false pretenses as a $37 holiday-themed “art craft.” The 1911 painting, “La Coiffeuse,” which translates to “The Hairdresser,” was unearthed in December in a FedEx shipment from Belgium to Newark. The canvas had been smuggled out of a storeroom of the Centre Georges Pompidou, the Paris museum and arts center, and its whereabouts had not been known. On Thursday, Loretta E. Lynch, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York, filed a civil complaint to forfeit the Picasso and return it to France. Its shipping papers described it as a $37 “art craft/toy” and also read “Joyeux Noel,” French for “Merry Christmas.” When federal Customs and Border Protection officials examined the shipment, though, they found the master artist’s work. Department of Homeland Security officials working from Long Island City, Queens, which is within the Eastern District of New York’s jurisdiction, then took over. The oil painting is owned by the French government; it had been bequeathed to the National Museums of France by one of its former directors. It was last exhibited in Munich in 1998, and then returned to Paris, where it was stored at the Pompidou. Officials there thought it was safe and sound until they received a loan request for it in 2001, searched the storerooms and could not find it. They declared the painting, then valued more than $2.5 million, stolen.

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.

St. Paul's Top 3 Dive Bars"Best burger in town. Really, it's that amazing. Not a huge place, so don't bring your whole extended family with you." WCCO Viewers' Choice For Best Egg Roll In MinnesotaIn this week’s Best of Minnesota, the tastiest egg rolls can be found at a popular neighborhood restaurant in northeast Minneapolis called Que Viet. DeRusha Eats: The Sunshine Factory Burns Bright In PlymouthThe Sunshine Factory opened in New Hope in 1976, and everything about it screamed the '70s. Minneapolis Moonshine: 5 Of The City's Top DistilleriesWe crunched the numbers to find the top distilleries in Minneapolis, to help you find the best spots to meet your needs. Artsy Deals Worth Seeking Out In St. Paul This WeekLooking to up your appreciation of the arts? We've rounded up three artsy deals around St. Paul this week. Mike's Mix: Crooked Water Spirits & The 'BB' BoulevardierThis cocktail is a riff on the classic Boulevardier cocktail; which, itself, is a bourbon-base version of a Negroni.

The wounded officer is Crystal Almeida, 26. The third victim was identified as Scott Painter, a Home Depot loss-prevention officer. Almeida and Painter were still in critical condition on Wednesday, but they were making "remarkable recoveries," Dallas Police Chief U. Renee Hall said at a news conference Wednesday morning. Hall thanked the community for its support and asked for continued prayers. The suspect, 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez, was arrested Tuesday night after a police chase that ended in a neighborhood near Love Field. He was initially arrested on one charge of aggravated assault against a public servant and another against the civilian. A capital murder charge was added Wednesday morning after Santander's death. The district attorney's office has assigned a team of attorneys to prosecute Juarez in "pursuit of justice," District Attorney Faith Johnson said in a written statement.

DALLAS (CBSDFW.COM) – A Dallas police officer has died less than 24 hours after being shot at a North Dallas Home Depot store. Another officer and a store employee, who were also both shot, remain hospitalized. Officer Rogelio Santander died at Texas Health Presbyterian Dallas hospital at 8:11 a.m. Wednesday. Dallas police Chief U. Renee Hall held a press conference outside the hospital this morning. When CBS 11 News reporter Robbie Owens offered sympathies the Chief said, “We appreciate it” and then made the announcement. “We come before you this morning with broken hearts and we regret to inform you that Officer Rogelio Santander, Badge 10934, has succumbed to his injuries,” she said. “We’re asking you to continue to pray for the [Santander] family and the DPD family.” Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings also announced Officer Santander’s death during a regularly scheduled city council meeting. Interrupting the meeting, which was already in progress, he said, “It is with great sadness that we must inform you that Officer Rogelio Santander, Badge #934, passed away at 8:11 this morning.” Along with Officer Santander, Officer Crystal Almeida and the Home Depot security guard, now identified as Scott Painter, all underwent surgery after the shooting. Officer Almeida and Mr. Painter both remain hospitalized. During the press conference Chief Hall said, “We are happy to report that Officer Crystal Almeida and our loss-prevention officer Scott Painter is making remarkable recovery. They are still in critical condition but we are optimistic about what we’re seeing with them

Law enforcement officers stand guard at the driveway entrance to the emergency room at Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. Two Dallas policemen were reportedly shot at a nearby Home Depot and reportedly... (Associated Press) Law enforcement officers stand guard at the driveway entrance to the emergency room at Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. Two Dallas policemen were reportedly shot at a nearby Home Depot and reportedly were transported to the Dallas hospital on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning... (Associated Press) DALLAS (AP) — A Dallas police officer died Wednesday after a shooting that wounded another officer and an employee at a home improvement store, the city's mayor said. Mayor Mike Rawlings was presiding over a city council meeting when he announced the death of Rogelio Santander, a member of the police force for three years. Santander, officer Crystal Almeida and a loss-prevention officer for Home Depot were shot Tuesday by a man identified by police as 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez. The two officers and the store loss-prevention officer underwent surgery for their injuries after the shooting in the north of the city, Dallas Police Chief U. Renee Hall said late Tuesday. Almeida and the loss-prevention officer, who hasn't been identified, were in critical condition Wednesday. Police arrested Juarez following a high-speed car chase. He's being held at the Dallas County jail on charges of aggravated assault on a public servant and felony theft. He was taken into custody shortly before 10 p.m. "We got our man," Rawlings said at

BALTIMORE (AP) — The U.S. Coast Guard says it's looking for a man who has cost the service about $500,000 after responding to nearly 30 of his fake distress calls. In a press release published Friday, the Coast Guard says the 28 calls have originated from around the area of Annapolis, Maryland. Each call involved the same male voice and used an emergency radio channel. He's been making the calls since July 2014. The two most recent calls were made on the night of July 21 and the early morning of July 22. The Coast Guard also says hoax calls distract rescuers from real emergencies, putting both the public and the responding crews at risk.

A hoax caller in Maryland cost the Coast Guard about $500,000 in the past two years by making false distress alerts. The caller made 28 false distress alerts from Annapolis, Maryland, beginning in July 2014, according to the Coast Guard. The two most recent calls were received Thursday and Friday, the Coast Guard reported. They also said they determined the calls to have originated from Annapolis, between Loretta Heights and Admiral Drive. The estimated cost of the responses to these false alarms is $500,000. The Coast Guard provided an audio file of the caller, in which the caller repeats “mayday” -- a word used to indicate distress at sea. Making false distress calls is a felony, punishable by a maximum of six years in prison, a $10,000 civil fine, $250,000 criminal fine and a reimbursement to the Coast Guard for their efforts, the Coast Guard said. The Coast Guard also said such false distress alerts detract from their ability to respond to actual alerts. “A hoax call is a deadly and serious offense,” said Lt. Cmdr. Sara Wallace, who heads the response sector in Maryland. “Calls like these not only put our crews at risk, but they put the lives of the public at risk.” Anyone with information about the caller is asked to contact the Coast Guard's regional command center at 410-576-2525 or email investigators at CGIS-Baltimore@uscg.mil.

High-profile Hollywooders, as well as several sports, business and political luminaries, are offering up a string of last-minute, big-dollar contributions both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. Actors Jake Gyllenhaal, Zach Galifianakis, Renee Zellweger, Susan Saint James Ebersol and Amanda Seyfried are among the four-figure donors in recent days to Obama’s campaign, according to federal campaign finance disclosures. Text Size - + reset PHOTOS: Stars hit up the swing states Play Slideshow POLITICO’s late night roundup Author Anne Rice, Disney TV Animation Executive Producer Dan Povenmire, and comedy writer Ian Maxtone-Graham are other notable Obama contributors. For Romney, actor Kelsey Grammer, Denver Broncos executive John Elway and former game show host Bob Barker have made 11th hour, four-figure donations. Sarah Palin’s political action committee, SARAH PAC, also chipped in $5,000 last week. Heritage Foundation Executive Becky Dunlop, American Beverage Association Chief Executive Susan Neely, former Mike’s Hard Lemonade President Philip W. O’Neil, the political action committee of the Consumer Electronics Association and the congressional campaign of Rep. Frank Wolf (R-Va.) are among the recent donors of at least $1,000 to Romney’s campaign.

The Obama campaign is using a mailer modeled after online cat memes as part of their final get out the vote push in the crucial battleground state of Ohio. On the mailer, there is a picture of a cat peeking out from behind a laptop decorated with Ohio-themed Obama campaign stickers highlighting the push to get people to vote early. “STOP LOOKING AT CATS ONLINE AND GO VOTE,” text on the flyer says. A user on the social news site Reddit with the handle MollyBloom11 posted a picture of the mailer on the site last night. They were clearly impressed with the campaign’s understanding of internet culture. “The Obama campaign sent me this today…They know their audience,” MollyBloom11 wrote. The Obama campaign confirmed the mailer was real and has been used in Ohio. They were not immediately sure whether similar imaging has been used for online ads or in other states. Follow Hunter Walker on Twitter or via RSS. hwalker@observer.com

HUNTINGTON BEACH – Two young men found dead from gunshot wounds in a Huntington Beach apartment on Sunday, Nov. 19 have been identified as brothers, with investigators not ruling out a murder-suicide or an accident-suicide, police said on Monday. Officers found Benjamin Ullestad, 25, and Brandon Ullestad, 22, dead in the apartment they shared just before 3 p.m., according to the Orange County Coroner’s Office. Investigators are trying to piece together what led to the deaths, said Officer Angela Bennett, an agency spokeswoman. “We don’t know,” she said. “We’re not ruling (murder-suicide) out. We’re not ruling out an accident-suicide. But we are not looking for any outstanding suspects.” Though police would not give many details about the investigation yet, they did say a handgun was found at the scene. It was unclear who made the distressed call from inside the home that led police to the apartment, which is close to Marina High School, the baseball fields of Marina Park and Helen Murphy Branch Library.

A man who declined to give his name but identified himself as the owner of the building wore surgical gloves as he loaded full trash bags into the back of an SUV.

HUNTINGTON BEACH (CBSLA) – The shooting deaths of two brothers inside a Huntington Beach apartment were being investigated Tuesday as the result of a possible murder-suicide, authorities said. Police received a call at 2:45 p.m. Sunday that sent officers to the 15700 block of Taft Lane, said Huntington Beach police Lt. David Dereszynski. They found the bodies of two men identified by the county coroner’s office as 25-year-old Benjamin Ullestad and 22-year-old Brandon Ullestad, he said. A handgun was recovered at the scene. Investigators were not ruling out that the double shooting could be a case of murder-suicide, police said. “We are not looking for outstanding suspects at this time,” Dereszynski said, adding that “there is no threat to the community.” (©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)

Article Excerpt WASHINGTON—Behind the political showdown over the deadly U.S. consulate attack in Benghazi, Libya, are a few dozen heavily edited words. The 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials, in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al Qaeda, an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark. Now famous as "the talking points," the 94 words were used by United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice on Sunday talk shows days after the attack. That moment has become a proxy for a ...

Article Excerpt WASHINGTON—Behind the political showdown over the deadly U.S. consulate attack in Benghazi, Libya, are a few dozen heavily edited words. The 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials, in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al Qaeda, an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark. Now famous as "the talking points," the 94 words were used by United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice on Sunday talk shows days after the attack. That moment has become a proxy for a ...

WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — A volcanic eruption in Tonga has created a new island — although one scientist said Wednesday it could soon disappear. CORRECTS SOURCE - In this photo, taken Jan. 14, 2015 and released by New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, a volcano erupts near Tonga in the South Pacific Ocean. A volcano that has been... (Associated Press) CORRECTS SOURCE - In this photo, taken Jan. 14, 2015 and released by New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, a volcano erupts near Tonga in the South Pacific Ocean. A volcano that has been... (Associated Press) The volcano has been erupting for a month in the ocean about 65 kilometers (40 miles) northwest of the capital, Nuku'alofa. Last week it disrupted international air travel to the Pacific archipelago for several days. New Zealand volcanologist Nico Fournier said he traveled by boat to within about a mile of the new island on Saturday to take a closer look. He said it's made mainly of loose scoria and its dimensions are about 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles) by 1.5 kilometers (0.9 miles), and that it rises about 100 meters (109 yards) above the sea. "It's quite an exciting site, you get to see the birth of an island," he said. "Visually it was quite spectacular, but there was no big sound coming with it, no boom. It was a bit eerie." He said that once the volcano stops erupting, it will likely take the ocean no more than

Volcanic eruption creates new island in Tonga loading video... loading video... Find Your Forecast Search for a location Digital Reporter Cheryl Santa Maria Wednesday, January 21, 2015, 2:28 PM - A volcano that began erupting last month in Tonga has created a large new island, officials announced Friday. The volcano is located 65 kilometres northwest of the nation's capital. According to the Land and National Resource Ministry, the volcano has been quiet for the past five years. It began rumbling on December 20. Officials say the volcano is erupting from two vents. One is spewing ash and rock onto the uninhabited island Hunga Ha'apai while the other is underwater, about 100 metres offshore. Ministry officials toured the area last Thursday and confirmed the presence of a new island. RELATED: Amazing drone video of Icelandic volcano "The new island is more than one kilometer ... wide, two kilometers ... long and about 100 meters... high," the ministry writes in a statement. "During our observations the volcano was erupting about every five minutes to a height of about 400 meters ... accompanied by some large rocks... as the ash is very wet, most is being deposited close to the vent, building up the new island." Foliage near the volcano appears to be dying off, likely due to ash and gases in the atmosphere. Tonga is located some 2,000 kilometres northeast of New Zealand. It is situated on the Pacific 'Ring of Fire', an area known for frequent seismic activity.

The U.S. Census Bureau reported Wednesday that 16 million children living in America received food stamps in 2014, or about one out of every five kids. Census said that number is up dramatically from 2007, before the Great Recession, when 9 million kids were receiving food stamps, or about one in eight. The data comes from Census’ 2014 survey on families. “The rate of children living with married parents who receive food stamps has doubled since 2007,” Census said. The findings are likely to bolster claims from some Republicans that the Obama administration seems to have a goal of putting more people under government aid programs. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in 2012 called President Barack Obama the “food stamp president,” which led some to say his comment was racist. The debate over food stamps has led to a sort of chicken-and-egg argument between Republicans and Democrats. The GOP has said the end of the recession should allow Congress to reduce spending on food stamps. While Democrats have tried to give President Barack Obama credit for a rebounding economy, they also note that millions of additional people are using food stamps, and that the program should not be cut yet. The total number of people using food stamps has almost doubled since the start of the Great Recession, to nearly 48 million in 2013. The number finally dipped from that peak in 2014, but just a little, to about 46 million people. Republicans have tried since 2013 to cut food

WASHINGTON The number of children in the United States relying on food stamps for a meal spiked to 16 million last year, according federal data, signaling a lopsided economic recovery in which lower income families are still lagging behind. The roughly one in five children who received food stamps in 2014 surpassed pre-recession levels, when one in eight or 9 million children were on food stamps, according to the U.S. Census survey of American families released on Wednesday Republicans in Congress have sought to cut back on the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program or food stamp program as part of a larger plan to balance the budget. Early last year lawmakers proposed $40 billion in cuts from the program over 10 years. The final farm bill signed into law trimmed $8.6 billion from the program, eliminating benefits for about 850,000 people, according to estimates by anti-hunger advocates. Other findings of the survey show a rapidly changing America in which more children are being raised in single-parent homes and more young people are delaying marriage. Of the 73.7 million children under 18 in the United States, 27 percent were living in single parent homes last year, tripling the 9 percent in 1960. The number of marriages also dwindled last year with less than half of households in America made up of married couples, compared to three-quarters in 1940, the survey found. The median age for people first getting married in 2014 was 29 for men and 27 for women up from 24

The number of children receiving food stamps remains higher than it was before the start of the Great Recession in 2007, according to the U.S. Census Bureau’s annual Families and Living Arrangements table package released today. The rate of children living with married parents who receive food stamps has doubled since 2007. In 2014, an estimated 16 million children, or about one in five, received food stamp assistance compared with the roughly 9 million children, or one in eight, that received this form of assistance prior to the recession. These statistics come from the 2014 Current Population Survey’s Annual Social and Economic Supplement, which has collected statistics on families and living arrangements for more than 60 years. Today’s table package delves into the characteristics of households, including the marital status of the householders and their relationship to the children residing in the household. The historical data on America’s families and living arrangements can be found on census.gov.

For members of the deaf community, ordering food or drinks at a drive-thru can be a frustrating, or even impossible, experience. But as one deaf woman recently discovered, Starbucks is trying to make this feature accessible for customers with disabilities -- with the help of a little technology. On Tuesday, 28-year-old Rebecca King of St. Augustine, Florida, uploaded a video to Facebook which reveals what happened during her visit to a local Starbucks drive-thru. The video shows King driving up to the ordering kiosk. A woman’s voice emits from the intercom. "Hi, welcome to Starbucks," the woman says. "What can we get started for you today?" King does not respond and waits in her seat. A few moments later, a Starbucks barista appears on a monitor. King begins to communicate with the woman using sign language, and the barista signs right back. "Starbucks! This is what I’m talking about!" King wrote in her Facebook post, which has been watched more than 4.9 million times to date. "Share it away! We can change the world!"

A new technology is getting a lot of attention — and for good reason — at the brand-new Starbucks by the outlet malls in St. Johns County. A video posted on Facebook shows a customer named Rebecca King using sign language for an order -- and barista, Katie Wyble, quickly signs back. Wyble says she's had a "passion for sign language since I first saw a teacher use it when I was in preschool." Wyble used a two-way video screen to see King, and the duo quickly completed an order for two coffees. King's video of the encounter went viral overnight. The video was just posted Tuesday, and it has more than 1 million views and over 65,000 shares. “Share it away," King said on Facebook. "We can change the world!” “I think more people need to know about what we’re doing because it moves customer service to a whole new level,” Wyble said. “I hope it helps make more people aware of what they can to do serve others in their communities.” St. Augustine is known to have a large deaf and blind community. Action News Jax spoke to Professor Tiri Fellows, who is deaf and teaches American Sign Language. She had a translator tell us what she thought about this technology. “I think it's awesome because it gives the deaf opportunity to order in a different way through the window,” Dr. Fellows said. Dr. Fellows says going through a drive-thru without a device like this is such a

It is illegal to take conch shells with living organisms from Florida beaches. (Photo: breckeni, Getty Images/iStockphoto) A Texas tourist who collected 40 queen conchs seashells from Key West, Florida, is going to jail for 15 days. A Florida judge also sentenced Diana Fiscal-Gonzalez of Dallas to serve six months of probation and pay a $500 fine, plus $268 for court costs, for taking 40 queen conchs from the waters that surround Key West, the Miami Herald reports. Fiscal-Gonzalez, who pleaded guilty, said she didn't know taking the shells from the beach was illegal. She was planning to give the state-protected mollusks away as gifts. Recreational collection of empty seashells is allowed in Florida, but the conch shells Fiscal-Gonzalez collected contained organisms inside. Taking a living queen conch is illegal. Also, killing, mutilating or removing a living queen conch from a shell is prohibited, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission notes. More: Florida bucket list: 20 things you have to do in the Sunshine State Fiscal-Gonzalez was arrested by an officer from the commission on July 13, 2017, after an anonymous tipster called the agency. Officer John Martino reported seeing three containers full of queen conches soaking in bleach and water when he met with Fiscal-Gonzalez. Conch shells are an important part of Florida Keys culture. Native-born islanders are called Conchs, and the Keys are nicknamed the Conch Republic. Empty conch shells, which produce a unique sound when blown, have also been used as signaling devices in the Florida

She said she didn’t know it was illegal to take conchs. She’s heading to jail anyway.

The second ex-wife of Peter Cook has issued a written apology to his first wife — supermodel Christie Brinkley — for ignoring her warning about the architect’s philandering. “Christie and I have talked recently and I have privately apologized to her, but, given the public nature of their divorce and custody battle, I feel a public apology is also appropriate and deserved,” Suzanne Shaw wrote in a letter obtained by The Post Thursday. Shaw said she was sorry for bad-mouthing the model by saying in 2012 that “it was the black cloud of Christie Brinkley’s hate” that had tainted Shaw’s marriage to Cook — when he had actually been continuing his skirt-chasing ways. “Christie was wrongly vilified as being an embittered ex-wife,” Shaw wrote. “I now believe she had every right to do what she did by taking a public stand; she was only trying to protect her children and have the truth be told. Given the nature of Peter’s behavior, and battles for sole custody of their children, it was necessary for her to confront him publicly.” Christie’s six-year marriage to Cook imploded in 2007 after she learned of his affair with 18-year-old office clerk Diana Bianchi. Cook rebounded by getting hitched to Shaw, who stood by his side during his ongoing court battles with Brink­­ley. During a 2012 hearing, Brinkley tried to warn Shaw about Cook’s infidelity. “When you find out he’s been cheating on you, I’ll be here for you,” Brink­ley said in a courthouse hallway. “Come

Once a cheater, always a cheater! Eight years after his severely bitter split from Christie Brinkley and their subsequent financial and custody battle, the model’s unfaithful ex husband, Peter Cook, has legally separated from his wife, Suzanne Shaw— and sources tell the New York Post’s Page Six that his infidelities are to blame. PHOTOS: Cheaters Gallery “Suzanne stood by Peter for years, through all his battles with Christie, but he lied to her and completely misrepresented himself. She repeatedly caught him cheating,” an insider told the paper. Shaw, who was wed to Cook, 55, for more than six years, left their Hamptons home in February with her teenage daughter after filing for separation. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been Divorced Twice Before 40 Cook’s lawyer, John J. Fellin, denies his client cheated. “The separation agreement does not mention, in any way, infidelity by Mr. Cook, and any such allegations to that end are without merit,” he told The Post. PHOTOS: Don’t Get Mad, Get Everything! Inside The 16 Most Expensive Celebrity Divorces Of All Time Brinkley, 60, and Cook are still at each other’s throats years after they split amid allegations he cheated with his 18-year-old assistant, Diana Bianchi. The National ENQUIRER recently reported that the pair has been battling over custody issues with their 16-year-old daughter, Sailor. “The sad reality is, almost eight years later, Christie is still mired in our divorce and hatred of me which has been irreparably damaging to our children,” Cook recently told RadarOnline.com.

The 2012 Republican primary is about to enter the elimination round. When the GOP presidential candidates meet in Michigan Wednesday for a CNBC debate on the economy, they’ll no longer be looking to make a first impression. With less than two months to go before the Iowa caucuses, there’s a much more urgent objective: survival. Text Size - + reset Allen on GOP debates POLITICO 44 Herman Cain may not be viable much longer, unless he can manage to move the 2012 conversation away from the allegations of sexual harassment that have plagued his campaign. Flagging conservatives such as Rick Perry and Michele Bachmann can’t afford to muddle aimlessly through another candidate forum. If Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum can’t take advantage of this chaotic moment, they may never get another chance. And Jon Huntsman is running out of time to connect with his attempt at a maverick message. With the exception of front-runner Mitt Romney — and perhaps Ron Paul, the libertarian congressman whose devoted base of support never really diminishes or grows — nearly every candidate in the race is almost one misstep away from political death. “Voters have formed general impressions of most of the candidates by this point, but a mixed or poor impression hasn’t been fatal,” said Dan Schnur, a former adviser to John McCain’s 2000 campaign. “Going forward, any problems become much more damaging because the clock is ticking.” Schnur, who now directs the University of Southern California’s Unruh Institute of Politics, said Cain

article The CNBC debate kicks off tonight in the shadow of the Cain circus. Will the other candidates ignore the elephant in the room, and will Gingrich finally reach the top tier? David A. Graham on what to look for. Plus join Howard Kurtz for a live chat during the debate, starting at 8pm ET. After three weeks’ respite, the packed Republican presidential debate season is about to return to full tilt. The GOP field will convene in a Detroit suburb on Wednesday for a debate hosted by CNBC. Using a traditional setup, the debate is supposed to focus on economic issues, including taxation, jobs, and the deficit, but fireworks are likely on a few other topics as well. Here’s what to watch for Wednesday night. 1. Will the Herman Cain Allegations Take Center Stage? Last time around, Herman Cain was a target because his fortunes were rising, along with the popularity of his 9-9-9 plan. Much has happened since, and although his polls numbers have flat-lined, not tanked, repeated allegations of sexual harassment or worse seem to be on their way to derailing the Cain train. How will his rivals handle it? They could attack him directly; even the usually detached Romney edged that way Tuesday, saying the allegations against Cain were serious. But that might be unnecessary and counterproductive. Focusing on Cain’s circus rather than, say, high unemployment is bad for the Republican brand, so they may instead let him bleed slowly as they avert their eyes. 2.

Let’s start with the crossbow, because the crossbow is huge. I’m sitting in the passenger seat of a camo-painted ATV, rumbling through the northern Louisiana backwoods with Phil Robertson, founder of the Duck Commander company, patriarch at the heart of A&E’s smash reality hit Duck Dynasty, and my tour guide for the afternoon. There are seat belts in this ATV, but it doesn’t look like they’ve ever been used. Phil is not wearing one. I am not wearing one, because I don’t want Phil to think I’m a pussy. (Too late!) The crossbow—a Barnett model equipped with a steel-tipped four-blade broadhead arrow—is perched on the dash between us. It looks like you could shoot through a goddamn mountain with it. “That’ll bury up in you and kill you dead,” Phil says. The bow is cocked and loaded, just in case a deer stumbles in front of us and we need to do a redneck drive-by on the poor bastard, but the safety is on. SAFETY FIRST. Still, Phil warns me, “You don’t want to be bumping that.” As we drive out into the woods, past a sign that reads parish maintenance ends, Phil is telling me all about the land around us and how the animals are a glorious gift from God and how blowing their heads off is part of His plan for us. “Look at this,” he says, gesturing to the surrounding wilderness. “The Almighty gave us this. Genesis 9 is where the animals went wild, and God

(Photo Credit: Getty Images) Jesse Jackson has decided to weigh in on the inflammatory comments that Phil Robertson made to GQ about gays and African Americans. In an interview with Drew Magary, the "Duck Dynasty" star said the Nazis needed Jesus, that he never saw the mistreatment of African Americans while growing up in Louisiana before the civil rights era and that homosexuality was a sin. A&E; has already suspended Robertson, but Reverend Jackson, his Rainbow PUSH Coalition and GLAAD are demanding to meet with network execs, along with Cracker Barrel's CEO, to discuss the future of all "Duck Dynasty" memorabilia or content. Read: Phil Robertson Defends Anti-Gay Comments: 'All I Did Was Quote From The Scriptures' "These statements uttered by Robertson are more offensive than the bus driver in Montgomery, Alabama, more than 59 years ago," Jackson said in a statement obtained by ABC News. "At least the bus driver, who ordered Rosa Parks to surrender her seat to a white person, was following state law. Robertson's statements were uttered freely and openly without cover of the law, within a context of what he seemed to believe was 'white privilege.'" The release, dated Dec. 23, requests a meeting within 72 hours with A&E; and Cracker Barrel execs and urges the network to uphold Robertson's suspension. Jackson and GLAAD said they believe it's not right for a personality with such a large platform to benefit from such comments. Related: 'Duck Dynasty' Suspends Phil Robertson On Sunday, Robertson defended his comments

Relocation of endangered animals carries risks but loss of half of them is highly unusual Eight out of 14 critically endangered black rhinos have died after being moved to a reserve in southern Kenya, wildlife officials have revealed, in what one conservationist described as “a complete disaster”. Preliminary investigations pointed to salt poisoning as the rhinos tried to adapt to saltier water in their new home, the Kenyan Ministry of Tourism and Wildlife said in a statement. It suspended the moving of other rhinos and said the surviving ones were being closely monitored. Last male northern white rhino is put down Read more Save the Rhino estimates there are fewer than 5,500 black rhinos in the world, all of them in Africa, while Kenya’s black rhino population stands at 750, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature. Losing the rhinos was “a complete disaster”, the prominent Kenyan conservationist Paula Kahumbu, of WildlifeDirect, told the Associated Press. Cathy Dean, chief executive of Save the Rhino, said she and international colleagues were shocked and deeply saddened. She called for external experts to be called in to carry out a thorough investigation into what went wrong, with the findings published in full. Dean said the scale of the deaths from the translocation was greater than rhino fatalities caused by poaching so far this year in Kenya. “It’s an absolute tragedy to lose seven [now eight] animals in this way,” Dean said. “The most important thing is for Kenya to do a proper

FILE- In this file photo taken on Saturday, April 30, 2005, Kenya Wildlife Services wardens hold a fully grown 30 year old female black Rhino, after it was darted at Nairobi National Park. A Kenyan wildlife... (Associated Press) FILE- In this file photo taken on Saturday, April 30, 2005, Kenya Wildlife Services wardens hold a fully grown 30 year old female black Rhino, after it was darted at Nairobi National Park. A Kenyan wildlife official on Friday, July 13, 2018 says seven critically endangered black rhinos are dead following... (Associated Press) NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Eight critically endangered black rhinos are dead in Kenya after wildlife workers moved them from the capital to a new national park, the government said Friday, calling the toll "unprecedented" in more than a decade of such transfers. Preliminary investigations point to salt poisoning as the rhinos tried to adapt to saltier water in their new home, the Ministry of Tourism and Wildlife said in a statement, describing how the animals likely became dehydrated and drank more salty water in a fatal cycle. The ministry suspended the ongoing move of rhinos and said the surviving ones in the new park were being closely monitored. The loss is "a complete disaster," said prominent Kenyan conservationist Paula Kahumbu of WildlifeDirect. Conservationists in Africa have been working hard to protect the black rhino sub-species from poachers targeting them for their horns to supply an illegal Asian market. In moving a group of 11 rhinos to the newly created

Image copyright AP Image caption Defections across the North-South land border are rare A North Korean soldier has defected to the South across the two countries' heavily armed border, South Korean officials have said. The soldier said he shot dead two officers before crossing over just after noon (03:00 GMT) on Saturday. Our correspondent says defections across the land border are rare. The last soldier fled in 2010. More than 20,000 North Koreans have gone to the South in the last 60 years, mostly via China and SE Asia. The two countries are still technically at war after the 1950-53 conflict, which ended in a ceasefire not a peace treaty. Gunshots heard The soldier was quoted as saying that he killed his platoon and squad commanders while on guard duty. A defence ministry official said six gunshots were heard and guards saw the soldier cross the demarcation line on a western section of the tightly guarded border. They used loudspeakers to establish that he wanted to defect and guide him to safety, they added. The official said he was in protective custody and was still being interrogated. There has been no confirmation of the North Korean casualties and no unusual activity observed on the North Korean side of the border. The BBC's Lucy Williamson in Seoul says that about a million soldiers and a million land mines line the Demilitarised Zone, and only a handful of people have crossed from North to South by land in the past few years.

In what is apparently the first such incident in nearly two-and-half years, a North Korean soldier has defected across the heavily armed land border with the South. South Korean military officials say a soldier from the North claims he shot and killed his platoon and squad chiefs while on guard duty before defecting across the heavily fortified Demilitarized Zone. The incident occurred at noon Saturday along the western section of the DMZ. Officials say South Korean troops at the border heard gunshots, confirmed the North Korean soldier's desire to defect, and escorted him to a guard post. He is now undergoing interrogation. The senior analyst in Seoul for the International Crisis Group, Daniel Pinkston, says there is no indication the defection denotes any instability in the reclusive and impoverished state. “We'll see as he's debriefed and it's just a one-off incident, so I don't think there's too much we can read into it besides that at this point,” he said. Pinkston points out that soldiers in North Korea's army posted to the border area are scrupulously vetted. “Those who are stationed in the border area, around the DMZ and especially right on the DMZ, are those who are considered to be loyal to the regime. They've been screened and they do not put people there who would be considered disloyal,” he said. Defections by North Koreans along the DMZ are rare. The last known incident involving a soldier occurred in March, 2010. Under North Korea's collective punishment system, a disloyal

Hide Transcript Show Transcript Expert: Summer gold rush could be the best in 20 years | Share Copy Link Copy A geologist and gold mining expert said this year’s summer gold rush is expected to be the best in two decades. Advertisement WEBVTT MAX: WE'RE GOING TO BE ONTRAVERSE CREEK, AND THIS IS AWELL-KNOWN AREA TO FIND GOLD.AND AFTER MONTHS OF RAIN ANDSUBSEQUENT FLOODING, THIS WOULDHAVE BEEN THE PLACE TO BE FOR ANEASY SCORE.>> YOU CAN PICK UP, LITERALLYPICK UP, SMALL NUGGETS OF GOLDRIGHT AFTER THE FLOODING.MAX: THOSE AREAS ARE NOW GONE,PICKED OVER BY GOLD PANNERS KEENON THE BEST TIME TO FIND THEMINERAL, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEANYOUR CHANCES AT TREASURE THISYEAR ARE GONE.>> AS FAR GOLD, THE DEPOSITS OFGOLD, THIS IS GOING TO RIVAL ANDCOME CLOSE TO 1997, THE FLOOD OF1997.MAX: COME SUMMER, WHEN THEMOUNTAIN MELTOFF IS UNDERWAY ANDCREEKS, STREAMS, AND RIVERSRECEDE, THE 2017 GOLD RUSH WILLBE ON.>> THIS STREAM RIGHT HERE WILLBE DOWN TO JUST A FEW INCHESDEEP, AND THERE WILL BE PEOPLEIN HERE WITH SLUICE BOXES ANDGOLD PANS AND LOOKING FOR GOLDTO SEE WHAT'S BEEN DEPOSITEDFROM THIS LAST SET OF FLOODS.MAX: BEFORE FINDING THAT IN ANAREA LIKE TRAVERSE CREEK, YOUHAVE TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THERIGHT EQUIPMENT WHEN LOOKING FORGOLD.>> YOU CAN COME OUT WITHSOMETHING AS SIMPLE AS A GOLDPAN.MAX: OR YOU CAN TAKE IT UP ANOTCH WITH A SLUCIE BOX. >> THE GOLD BEING HEAVY IS GOINGTO GET CAUGHT IN THIS BLACK MATAND BEHIND EACH ONE OF THESERIFFLES, WHERE THERE'S AN EDDYCREATED, AND IT ALLOWS THEHEAVIER MATERIAL

JAMESTOWN, Tuolumne County (KPIX 5) — Weeks of rainy weather across Northern California and the storm runoff through the hills of gold country have triggered a new gold rush. “Miner Gary” Thomas said he always finds at least a little gold here on his property near Jamestown in Tuolumne County, but this year, there’s so much more runoff than normal and it’s shaking the gold from these hills. Thomas said it could provide a “Eureka” moment for those inclined to come up here and look for it. “(The runoff) kind of ‘etch-a-sketches’ everything,” said Thomas. “Eveything I had dug up and now my dig spots are all gone.” The known gold digs were washed out, trees uprooted, and landscape eroded. The runoffs have also removed gold out of the old abandoned mines and sent it down the river. “It’s going to bring down more gold,” said Thomas. “It’s going to bring up new areas that I never got to.” Thomas runs tour groups through his property and said now is the optimum time for gold hunting because the storms have just finished churning the landscape. Officials from the Bureau of Land Management say the erosion “concentrates” the gold by removing the lighter rock and soil. You may be wondering if this reporter found any during our time here. We did find some fine flakes of what they call “flour gold” and it was found more quickly than normal in just a couple of panning sessions. “Eureka!” said Thomas.”That’s hard to

Joey Wilson, left, rings up Curtis Barwick for a gold pan and a portable slough Saturday at Adventures in Prospecting in downtown Oroville. Dan Reidel — Enterprise-Record Oroville >> Now is not the time to quit your day job in hopes of striking it rich. However, people with a new or renewed interest in gold mining may be spending more of their summer weekends near rivers and streams. Joey Wilson owns Adventures in Prospecting in Oroville, where he says there’s been more excitement among his gold mining customers. “There’s always been gold in the Feather River,” he said. What’s new is that the recent floods have moved things around. It’s not just the Feather River. Floods scoured the banks of the American River, the Mokelumne, the Yuba and just about any other waterway where 49ers once got their boots dirty. Curtis Barwick was in Oroville Saturday waiting for the prospecting store to open. He usually looks for gold closer to his home in Anderson, but decided to check out Oroville on his day off. He said gold mining gets him outdoors and helps him “recharge,” after a stressful week at work. It’s a lot like hiking, another of his hobbies, but with gold mining there’s a chance of a reward. “The odds are greater than winning the lottery,” he said. Even on days when he only finds a few flakes, it’s fun to turn over rocks and sand. He’s not alone. In fact, he’s a member of the Shasta Miners

share tweet pin email A North Carolina couple is trying to pull back the curtains on a popular home renovation reality show. Deena Murphy and Timothy Sullivan are suing the production company for HGTV’s “Love It or List It,” claiming the hit show turned their dream home into a nightmare. The lawsuit against Big Coat TV and one of its contractors alleges the couple were “victims of shoddy work and unfair trade practices” that left their floors, windows and other parts of their home damaged. RELATED: 'Fixer Upper': What it's actually like to be on the home show The show’s premise is to renovate a family’s home while the owners contemplate moving into a new home. But the couple's lawsuit may provide too much of a peek behind the reality television curtain. TODAY The program's hosts, David Visentin and Hilary Farr “One of the things they're doing in this lawsuit is kind of blowing the secrecy off of reality TV,” said TODAY legal analyst Lisa Bloom. In their lawsuit, Murphy and Sullivan describe Big Coat’s business model as “skewed.” They said they gave the production company $140,000 for renovations, but only about $85,000 went to the contractor. They claim the production company used the remaining funds “for the production of its series.” TODAY North Carolina couple Deena Murphy and Timothy Sullivan are suing the show's production company. In a statement to TODAY, the couple’s attorney said the company’s incentive was “to make decisions that favor the television show but not

1:11 See Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson Pause 1:58 Victim's father tries to attack Nassar in court 1:46 Humans, bats and rabies: What you should know 5:33 Moira Donegan’s spreadsheet was an ‘act of real solidarity’ 2:43 Sessions highlights MS-13 atrocities in violence crime speech 1:40 Tips to safeguard your home from burglars 4:34 The history of sexual harassment in America: five things to know 1:01 Video shows woman attacked by police dog while taking out the trash 2:23 How to report Social Security fraud

A North Carolina couple is suing the producers of Love It Or List It, saying the show left them with a house that was shoddily constructed. The Raleigh News & Observer says that Deena Murphy and Timothy Sullivan agreed to participate in the hit HGTV series under the guise that they were considering a move to a rental property with their teenage foster children. The problem, according to the suit against Big Coat TV and Aaron Fitz Construction, was that the show’s principals—designer Hilary Farr, real estate agent David Visentin, and contractor Eric Eremita—are “actors or television personalities playing a role for the camera,” not people who “played more than a casual role in the actual renovation process.” While this shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone who’s ever suffered through Farr and Visentin’s bullshit “no, you are” banter, it’s still mildly disheartening to hear. For the episode, which aired in April 2015, Murphy and Sullivan were asked to deposit $140,000 into a fund with the production company, who would later use that money to pay Fitz and other subcontractors. According to the suit, the couple voiced its concerns about Fitz, saying it had below-average reviews on Angie’s List, but they were ignored. Over the course of the renovations, only $85,780.50 was disbursed to Fitz, leaving the couple wondering where the rest of their money went. The suit also questions how Big Coat can operate as a general contractor, a role it’s not licensed for. Murphy and Sullivan are also

Anissa Weier is brought into court for a hearing last month. On Thursday, her attorney said she would plead not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect in the Slender Man case. She and Morgan Geyser are accused of stabbing another girl. (Photo: Michael Sears / Milwaukee Journal Sentinel) Anissa Weier plans to enter a plea of not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect in the Slender Man stabbing case next week. Weier's co-defendant, Morgan Geyser, had already entered such a plea, often referred to as NGI, at a hearing last month. At the time, prosecutors pressed the judge to inquire whether Weier might go the same route, since it requires the court to appoint doctors to examine the defendant and report whether their condition would support the plea. One of Weier's attorneys, Maura McMahon, said the defense had not yet decided. But in a pleading filed this week, McMahon indicated that Weier now wants to change her not guilty plea to the insanity plea. A hearing was set for Sept. 9 for that change of plea. Weier and Geyser, both 14, were 12 when prosecutors say they plotted and attempted to kill their sixth-grade classmate and friend Payton Leutner in May 2014. ARCHIVE: Slender Man case coverage Leutner was stabbed 19 times and left for dead in a Waukesha park the morning after a sleepover party for Geyser's 12th birthday, but managed to crawl near a path, where she was found by a passing bicyclist. Both

Two girls accused of trying to kill a classmate to please horror character Slender Man want jurors from outside their home county to decide their trials. Morgan Geyser's attorneys filed a motion this week seeking jurors from outside Waukesha County because of heavy media coverage. Geyser has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect. A letter the other girl's defense attorneys submitted to the court seeks outside jurors as well. The letter noted that girl plans to plead not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect. Investigators say Geyser and Anissa Weier, who were 12 at the time of the 2014 attack, plotted for months before luring the victim, who also was 12, into some woods and repeatedly stabbing her. The girls hoped killing her would please Slender Man, a demon-like character in online stories. The victim crawled out of the woods to get help. Both girls face an attempted homicide charge in adult court. Their attorneys had been fighting to move them into juvenile court but a state appeals court in July ruled they should remain in adult court.

A 90-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly killing his stepdaughter after investigators gained information from the Fitbit she wore at the time of the incident, according to police. When authorities responded to a welfare check Sept. 13 at the San Jose home of 67-year-old Karen Navarra, they found her dead at the scene, the San Jose Police Department said. She had a gaping laceration on her neck, a deep laceration on her head and a kitchen knife in her hand, according to the statement of facts written by police and provided by the Santa Clara District Attorney's Office. A medical examiner determined Navarra couldn't have caused all the wounds herself and detectives believed the scene was staged to appear as a suicide, the document said. Police spoke to Navarra's stepfather, 90-year-old Anthony Aiello, who is married to Navarra's 92-year-old mother. Aiello told police he last saw Navarra Sept. 8 when he brought pizza and biscotti to her at home; Aiello said he stayed there for about 15 minutes then drove home, the document said. San Jose Police Department Aiello told police when he was later outside his house, he heard a car honk and saw Navarra drive by waving with a second person in the passenger seat, the document said. Police recovered surveillance video from near Aiello's home and determined Navarra never drove by that day, the document said. Navarra had a Fitbit Alta HR on her left wrist when she was found, according to police. The data showed

A woman’s Fitbit clocked a rapid rise in her heart rate before a sudden drop-off to nothing, helping San Jose police piece together clues and charge her 90-year-old stepfather with her murder, according to court records. Advertisement Tony Aiello was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of murdering his 67-year-old stepdaughter, Karen Navarra, on Sept. 8. Aiello is married to Navarra’s 92-year-old mother. Navarra, a pharmacy technician described by family as a “recluse,” was discovered deceased by a co-worker Sept. 13 after she failed to show up to her job. Police said Navarra was found slumped over in a chair, clutching a large kitchen knife with a “gaping” slit to her neck. To investigators, the scene appeared to be staged to look like a suicide. But a later autopsy revealed “multiple deep and intrusive wounds” to her head and facial area, most likely inflicted by a small hatchet or ax. The doctor told investigators Navarra couldn’t have inflicted the wounds herself and classified the case as a homicide. At his initial interview, Aiello told San Jose police that he dropped by Navarra’s home on Saturday, Sept. 8, to bring her pizza, according to court records. He also said he was outside his own home a few hours later, and witnessed his step-daughter drive by and honk with someone else in the passenger seat. But police say Aiello’s account didn’t match up with what they saw on surveillance footage. Nearby cameras captured his car at Navarra’s home for at least 21 minutes that

University of Chicago / Facebook Amid a high-profile controversy at the University of Chicago over the value of trigger warnings and "intellectual safe spaces," a male student is suing the Hyde Park school on the grounds that it is not a safe space for young men. The unnamed student has been accused of sexual assault by his peers at least twice, but the university found he was not at fault after investigating the claims through its own process for resolving on-campus disputes between students. The lawsuit, filed last week, demands $175,000 in damages against the university. The university has come under scrutiny in recent years for its handling of sexual assault accusations among students and is being investigated by the federal government for violating Title IX. Now this student says the school has swung too far in the other direction, creating a "gender-biased, hostile environment against males, like John Doe, based in part on [the University of Chicago's] pattern and practice of investigating and disciplining male students who accept physical contact initiated by female students, retaliating against male students, and providing female students preferential treatment under its Title IX policies." The lawsuit, which can be read in full here, details the relationships John Doe had with two unnamed women referred to as Jane Doe and Jane Roe in 2013. The lawsuit claims the relationships and his sexual activities with them were always consensual, but Jane Doe began publicly accusing him of sexual assaulting them in 2016, several years after the

A University of Chicago male student from New York accused twice of sexual assault slammed the school's conduct in a new lawsuit, charging that "UC routinely portrays a large portion of their male students as sexual predators." The student, named as John Doe in the lawsuit, claims the university violated Title IX with its unfair treatment. He was subjected to a "fundamentally unfair, arbitrary and capricious disciplinary procedure that violates both Title IX and UC's policies and/or procedures related to allegations of sexual misconduct," according to the lawsuit obtained by the Chicago Maroon, a student newspaper at the school. Title IX is in place to ensure that universities don't discriminate against students and faculty based on gender. The male student, from Somers, N.Y., charges that two women, named as Jane Doe and Jane Roe, falsely accused him of sexual assault. Jane Doe is also being sued, according to the Maroon. What you should know about reporting sex assault on campus The suit alleges that the school refused to allow John Doe to file a Title IX complaint against Jane Doe for harassment and retaliation, yet UC allowed Jane Doe to file a Title IX complaint to retaliate for an alleged sexual assault two years earlier. John Doe and Jane Doe became acquainted before their first semester in September 2013 through a Facebook page for accepted students, according to the lawsuit. John Doe and Roe met during their first semester. The lawsuit states that after John Doe broke off his relationships

A male student twice investigated for sexual assault by the University of Chicago has sued the school, saying its handling of the complaints against him demonstrated a “gender-based, hostile environment against males.” The student, identified in the lawsuit as “John Doe” from Somers, N.Y., claims the University failed to treat him fairly after a University disciplinary panel cleared him of a sexual assault charge in 2014. The suit also accuses a female student of defamation for publicly saying he assaulted her and others. The complaint was filed on August 24 in federal court in Chicago. The suit asks for more than $175,000 in damages. The case against the University states that, in its treatment of the plaintiff in the case, “UC was motivated by pro-female, anti-male bias that was, at least in part, adopted to refute criticism within the student body and public press that UC was turning a blind eye to female complaints of sexual assault.” The suit is part of a recent trend of litigation by male students at American universities who claim to have been discriminated against in sexual assault investigations in violation of Title IX, a federal statute that prohibits sex discrimination at colleges and universities that receive federal funding. So far, these claims have generally failed, though last month a federal appeals court ruled in favor of a similar suit against Columbia University. The suit involves two separate allegations of sexual assault against “John Doe” filed with the University as Title IX complaints. The first

5 years ago Washington (CNN) – "Reprehensible." "Irresponsible." "Hard to stomach." White House senior adviser David Plouffe did not mince words Sunday when talking about the reaction by Republican presidential candidates Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich to President Barack Obama's comments on the Trayvon Martin shooting. - Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker "Those two comments are really irresponsible. I would consider them reprehensible," Plouffe said on CNN's "State of the Union." "I think those comments were really hard to stomach, really, and I guess trying to appeal to people's worst instincts." While the GOP presidential candidates said the incident was a tragedy, Santorum and Gingrich were particularly critical of the president's response to the shooting in which Martin, an unarmed 17-year-old, was shot and killed by a George Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer. Zimmerman claimed he shot Martin in self-defense. A somber Obama on Friday commiserated with the Martin family and urged authorities to fully investigate the shooting. "If I had a son he would look like Trayvon," Obama said. "I think (his parents) are right to expect that all of us as Americans are going to take this with the seriousness it deserves and we will get to the bottom of exactly what happened." Santorum said the president politicized the events, while Gingrich characterized Obama's comments as "nonsense." "What the president of the United States should do is try to bring people together, not use these types of horrible and tragic individual cases to try to drive a

White House senior adviser David Plouffe said on Sunday that the administration is "confident" that the U.S. Supreme Court will find the health care law constitutional. "We are confident it will be upheld," Plouffe said on ABC's "This Week," a day before oral arguments open on the case. He said the mandate requiring every American to obtain health insurance is a concept developed by conservative thinkers and once supported by Republicans Newt Gingrich, Bob Dole and Mitt Romney, who Plouffe termed the "godfather" of the mandate. Asked why the law isn't more popular, Plouffe said that hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent attacking it and that the major benefits won't kick in until 2014. "We just have to tell the story of this," he said. "One thing I am confident of, by the end of this decade, we are going to be very glad the Republicans termed this Obamacare because when the reality of health care is in place it will be nothing like the kind of fear mongering that was done." Read more about: Supreme Court, David Plouffe, Health Law

White House senior adviser David Plouffe declined on Sunday to say whether President Barack Obama would support or fight a gay marriage plank in the Democratic Party's platform. "We don’t even have a platform committee," Plouffe said on ABC's "This Week." "We are going to work through the platform process." Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and 22 senators have endorsed the national party taking a stance on marriage legalization. Obama, however, remains opposed to gay marriage. Read more about: Barack Obama, David Plouffe, Gay Marriage

White House senior adviser David Plouffe on Sunday branded the House Republican spending plan as the "Romney-Ryan budget," a tactical move to link the budget crafted by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) with the Republican presidential front runner Mitt Romney. "If Mitt Romney is the nominee, then this really is going to be the Romney-Ryan plan," Plouffe said on ABC's "This Week." "He said he's going to rubber-stamp it. ... So the American people have to understand, if Mitt Romney's elected president, he'll rubber-stamp that budget. And here's what that budget is. It fails the standard -- it fails the test of balance and fairness and shared responsibility. It showers huge additional tax cuts on the wealthy ... that are paid for by veterans and seniors and the middle class, so it's not a balanced approach." "So the president's approach is the right approach. It's the balanced approach," Plouffe said. "Anybody out there that's offered a deficit reduction plan, any expert says it's got to have balance, which means it's got to cut spending, and we've already cut a lot of spending, almost $2 trillion. It's got to reform entitlements in the right way. And you've got to get revenue through tax reform." Ryan defended his plan on "Fox News Sunday," saying Medicare would grow at the same rate as under the president's plan while balancing the budget more quickly. Read more about: Mitt Romney, David Plouffe, Paul Ryan

0 JSO: Body believed to be missing Jacksonville woman found; coworker arrested PHOTO GALLERY: Memorial quickly growing at site where body found A body believed to be the remains of missing Jacksonville woman Savannah Gold were found late Saturday, the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office said. Related Headlines Government shutdown: Trump signs bill to temporarily reopen government The body was found in a pond off Club Duclay Road — near Blanding Blvd. — in west Jacksonville. Gold’s coworker at Bonefish Grill, manager Lee Rodarte, 28, became a suspect after discrepancies were found in his story, JSO said. Traffic tickets issued to Rodarte in 2006 show that he once lived on the same street where the body was found. Rodarte appeared in court Sunday after being booked on charges including murder and tampering with evidence. A judge said he is being held without bond on the murder charge. Judge ordered Rodarte be held without bond on the murder charge. He's also accused of tampering with evidence in Savannah Gold's death pic.twitter.com/PrALgdTb3r — Brittney Donovan (@brittneydonovan) August 6, 2017 Lee Rodarte, suspect in Savannah Gold's murder, just had his first appearance in #Jacksonville pic.twitter.com/YYNHf83eBE — Brittney Donovan (@brittneydonovan) August 6, 2017 RAW INTERVIEW: Gold's father, friend make emotional plea JSO said Gold got into Rodarte’s car in the parking lot of the restaurant on Wednesday evening before her shift. They apparently had a fight. The two had an off-and-on relationship, JSO said. A struggle ensued, JSO said, and Rodarte appeared to take an object

Shortly after Savannah Gold headed to her job at the Bonefish Grill restaurant in Jacksonville last Wednesday, her family began receiving strange text messages from her phone. Get push notifications with news, features and more. “Hey i just wanted to tell you and mom i met a really great guy and we’re running away together,” she texted her father, according to a missing persons report. “I love him and we’re leaving tonight i’ll call you later when we get to where we are going.” Her family instantly became suspicious. “The spelling was all whacked out,” her father, Daniel Gold, told WSB-TV. “It looked really strange.” Gold never made it to work that day — but her car was found in the parking lot. “Her car was outside with a slashed tire and her purse, with her ID, credit cards and money [were] in the car with it unlocked,” Daniel Gold told the news station. “That really got us concerned.” Savannah Gold/Facebook The Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office interviewed 28-year-old Lee Rodarte Jr., a Bonefish Grill culinary manager who allegedly had an on-again, off-again relationship with the 21-year-old Gold. “The suspect when interviewed by police admitted to being in the Bonefish Grill parking lot with the victim, killing her, and disposing of her body” in a nearby lake, the Sheriff’s Office alleged in a statement. “Rodarte led police to remains that were located by the JSO Dive Team and we believe the remains to be Savannah Gold.” Lee Rodarte Jacksonville Sheriff's Office The

Rihanna stepped out in New York in one of her most revealing daytime looks yet – as she continues to rebel against handlers who have been urging her to tone down her wild behavior. The singer was seen shopping in SoHo in a revealing, and see-through, tiny pink strapless bra with a pleated skirt, showing off her flat stomach and toned arms. The star, who matched her look with Converse sneakers, sunglasses and bright yellow talon nails, wandered around the SoHo shops with girlfriends before heading to Da Silvano for an early dinner. She cancelled a trip to the UK last week insisting she needed to spend more time with her family and her grandmother, Dolly, who is suffering from cancer. She was spotted catching the Miami Heat game on Saturday at 40/40 with her family, including her grandfather, and her group was later joined by her ex Chris Brown. Rihanna and Brown later headed with their respective entourages to Meatpacking hotspot SL. While sources told the UK’s Closer Magazine that Rihanna’s friend and manager Jay-Z has ordered her to “go to rehab,” sources tell Page Six that this is not the case, and the real issue is that Rihanna is at the center of a management struggle at Roc Nation about how to deal with her rebellious behavior, and refusal to stay away from Brown. One source told Page Six, “Rihanna feels she has worked hard, and rightly deserves to enjoy her huge success. She has rebelled against her

That's one way to dominate New York! Nude billboard of Rihanna is centre of attention in Times Square She's no stranger to stripping off in an effort to promote herself. But Rihanna's latest advert takes her sexy shots to the next level, with a naked image of the singer dominating Times Square as it appears on a billboard in the centre of New York. The image shows a red-headed Rihanna covering her modesty with her arms as she promotes her latest fragrance, Rebelle. Making a statement: A huge billboard showing a nude picture of Rihanna is on display in New York's bustling Times Square Talking about the scent recently, Rihanna said it was all about girl power, explaining: 'My new fragrance is about taking control but still being a lady. 'There’s a feminine, romantic element to the fragrance — but there’s also a defiant quality in it. I love its duality.' The billboard of Rihanna came as the singer hit out at claims she had used a body double for portions of her sexy commercial for Armani Jeans. Naked ambition: The shot of the singer is to promote her latest fragrance, Rebelle Sheer exhibitionism: Rihanna left little to the imagination as she teamed a see-through bra top with a matching skirt while stepping out in New York yesterday Rihanna took exception to the article written by The Sun and launched a foul mouthed tirade against the newspaper yesterday afternoon. She wrote on Twitter: 'Ok @thesunnewspaper, this is the only way

Tweet with a location You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more

Rihanna and Chris Brown are “seeing a lot of each other in private,” sources say, and Brown even joined her and her family to cheer on the Miami Heat over the weekend. The two stars have partied at the same clubs twice in the past two weeks but kept a coy distance. But sources tell Page Six they’re very close in private. And in a sign that Brown has been forgiven for his infamous 2009 attack on Rihanna, he joined her family, including her grandfather Lionel Brathwaite and various cousins, at Jay-Z’s 40/40 on Saturday to watch the Heat beat the Celtics. A source told us, “Rihanna arrived first in a yellow cab, with her family and friends, and was escorted to a private room. Brown arrived a little later and joined her and her family. They sat on the same couch together rooting for the Heat. There was no sign of his girlfriend.” The pair then left separately — with Brown exiting first with his pals — while Rihanna and her family remained behind to watch the Manny Pacquiao–Timothy Bradley fight. As we reported yesterday, Rihanna and Brown reunited later at Meatpacking club SL — where they kept a cool distance. They partied in separate booths but kept a close eye on each other. He sent over two bottles of Ace of Spades Champagne. Meanwhile, sources say Rihanna’s management is deeply divided on how to deal with the “Chris Brown issue.” One source said, “Everyone in the business assumes

Football fans, get ready to rock. While there’s no telling which two teams will face off when Super Bowl LIII hits Atlanta on February 3, a source tells Us that Maroon 5 have been tapped to grace the halftime stage. “The offer has been extended and they’ve pretty much accepted,” says the insider in the latest issue of Us Weekly. It’s a dream come true for Adam Levine and his six bandmates. As the Voice coach told Howard Stern in 2015, “We very actively want to play the Super Bowl.” Though at the time the 39-year-old frontman denied rumors that the group was in talks to play the big game that year, he also told Stern they had been on a “short list” of groups for a while. Currently on tour promoting their 2017 album, Red Pill Blues, the band has a break from shows in between a Las Vegas New Year’s Eve gig and the February 19 start of the Australian leg of their tour — leaving their schedules wide open for the February 3 game. Before embarking on the tour in May, Levine opened up to Ellen DeGeneres about bringing his wife, Behati Prinsloo, and daughters Dusty Rose, 23 months, and Gio Grace, 7 months, on the road with him for the first time. “We’ll probably have to have a family bus,” he told the talk show host. “Touring with the kids will be fun because it will be an amazing experience for them. They get to see

Looks like it's not a "Secret" anymore! A source close to the situation says Maroon 5 is scheduled to perform Super Bowl LIII halftime on Feb 3rd in Atlanta, Georgia. A second source close to the NFL tells ET that Maroon 5 is the halftime performer for Super Bowl LIII. The band -- made up of frontman Adam Levine with Jesse Carmichael, James Valentine, PJ Morton, Matt Flynn, Sam Farrar and Mickey Madden -- is currently on their Red Pill BluesTour, but conveniently have a break between a New Year's Eve show in Las Vegas and the Australian leg of their tour, which kicks off on Feb. 19. Levine has previously expressed interest in performing the halftime show, telling Howard Stern in 2015 that he and his bandmates "very actively want to play the Super Bowl." A spokesperson for the NFL released a statement to ET regarding who is being considered to perform on Super Bowl Sunday. "It’s a Super Bowl tradition to speculate about the performers for the Pepsi Halftime Show," the statement begins. "We are continuing to work with Pepsi on our plans, but do not have any announcements to make on what will be another epic show." ET has reached out to the band's reps, as well as Pepsi, who sponsors the halftime show. Last year at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Justin Timberlake did the honors of performing at halftime during the Super Bowl LII game, which the Philadelphia Eagles won 41-33 over the

Maroon 5 will be the halftime performers at the 2019 Super Bowl, multiple sources confirm to Variety. While the group is stylistically more similar to recent performers like Justin Timberlake and Bruno Mars than more controversial ones such as Beyonce and Lady Gaga, Maroon 5’s most recent hit was a tag-team with Cardi B — “Girls Like You” — and it recently collaborated with Kendrick Lamar on the song “Don’t Wanna Know,” so some left-field guest appearances on Super Bowl Sunday are certainly a possibility. One of the great challenges in choosing a halftime performer isn’t just its mainstream appeal, but in finding an artist who hasn’t already performed. Over the years, Bruce Springsteen, Paul McCartney, U2, The Who, Katy Perry and even the Black Eyed Peas have all performed, and of course the 2004 set from Janet Jackson (featuring Timberlake) was marred by controversy due to her “wardrobe malfunction.” Prince’s 2007 performance — which saw him playing a galvanizing version of “Purple Rain” in a rainstorm — is widely regarded as the all-time best halftime set. The NFL has faced an additional challenge this year due to its stance regarding former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s decision to take a knee during the National Anthem as a sign of protest, which has spurred outrage in some quarters, from the president on down. Kaepernick has not played since the 2016 season and his contract has not been picked up by another team, largely due to the controversy. Reports emerged

Provided by FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Authorities are looking for this man, accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in Centennial. Provided by FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Authorities are looking for this man, accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in Centennial. Provided by FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Authorities are looking for this man, accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in Centennial. Provided by FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Authorities are looking for this man, accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in Centennial. The FBI wants the public’s help to find a man who took a cab to rob a bank in the Denver Tech Center, robbed the bank, then had the cabbie drive him to Denver International Airport. “The FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force does not know if he actually boarded a plane,” according to a news release. Video taken in the cab clearly shows the man’s face, and pictures taken in the Public Service Credit Union shows him wearing what looks like a white dust mask over his lower face. He got into the cab near the Bellco Theater in downtown Denver and took it to the credit union at 6850 S. Yosemite St., where he showed a small pistol and ordered a teller to give him an undisclosed amount of money before fleeing the bank. The suspect is a white man in his late

DENVER (AP) — Authorities say a man who held up a Denver bank got a cab ride to and from the robbery. The Denver Post reports (http://dpo.st/1XoG8qd ) the FBI is asking for the public's help to find the suspect. Authorities say the man took a cab to the bank, asked the driver to idle while he went inside, and then had the cabbie drive him to Denver International Airport. Officials say it's unknown if the suspect actually boarded a plane after going to the airport. Video from inside the cab clearly shows the man's face, and pictures taken in the Public Service Credit Union show the man wearing what appears to be a white dust mask while inside the bank, where he threatened a teller with a small handgun. ___ Information from: The Denver Post, http://www.denverpost.com

ROME — If the paragon of all Christmas trees is the one in front of the Rockefeller Center in New York — first erected, mind you, by an Italian in 1931 — the prize for most pitiful must go to the one that stands in Rome’s Piazza Venezia this year. Just days after it was put up, it began to gray and shed its needles, and soon it had become nearly see-through. The tree cuts so sad and forlorn a figure that it has been nicknamed Spelacchio, or Mangy. Spelacchio arrived in Rome early this month from the Trentino region, near Italy’s border with Austria, and what with transport expenses and decorations, the 70-foot fir is estimated to have cost Italian taxpayers 48,000 euros, or $57,000. It’s not clear what has ailed it. Maybe Spelacchio was unsettled by the trip; perhaps it was ill on departure. By way of explanation, Antimo Palumbo, a tree historian who was standing by Spelacchio’s side on Friday morning, pointed at the concrete all over its roots. “You see that?” he told me. “They decided to pour the concrete to keep it steady, but that killed it instead.” There isn’t enough time, money or political will to replace the tree, and so Spelacchio the Mangy will stay in Piazza Venezia through the holidays, and for many locals it has already become a metaphor for what’s wrong with the city, and the country. Traffic in Rome is chronically congested, public transport is inefficient, trash collection is

Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Gehiago jakin Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Gehiago jakin Hmm, arazo bat egon da zerbitzariarenera iristeko. Berriro saiatu? Gehitu Txio gurasoak Media gehitu Zure webgunean edo aplikazioan Twitter-eko edukia kapsulatzean, Garatzaile Akordioa eta Garatzaile Politika onartzen dituzu. Aurreikusi

ROME — No sooner had workers hoisted a 72-foot tall Norway spruce in Rome’s central Piazza Venezia this month than the mocking began. The tree was quickly nicknamed Spelacchio, or Mangy, because so many of its dead needles were dropping off, leaving the tree looking a bit bare. Chatter spread quickly on social media where Romans traded jokes about the spruce and criticized its sad appearance. Insults quickly turned to intrigue as the Italian media plumbed the tree’s costs, questioned how it had been transported to the city and analyzed its state of health. “It has clearly been traumatized,” one expert declared. A consumer rights group asked an administrative court, which has oversight over government spending, to investigate what it described as a “shameful spectacle for citizens and tourists” and demanded that the tree be removed immediately.

Published on Dec 15, 2016 Created in 1965, this show is 51 years old and still going strong! What would we do without Charlie Brown and Linus and Snoopy and the gang?

Follow Friday’s updates on the Kavanaugh hearing here: John Dean to warn of a ‘pro-presidential powers’ Supreme Court Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh is appearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday as senators continue publicly interviewing President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court. Kavanaugh, a member of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, has a good chance of being confirmed when the Senate votes later this month. Under questioning from senators, he has so far touched on Roe v. Wade, said courts — not the president — are “the final word” and, as the hearing began, watched drama unfold regarding Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.)’s pledge to release confidential documents. Key moments from the hearing: • Drama over confidential emails....that were already cleared for public release • Kavanaugh advised against calling Roe “settled law” • Kavanaugh elaborates on dissent on contraception and religious objections • Emails show more involvement with nominee than Kavanaugh previously suggested 10:13 p.m.: Hearing adjourned More than 12 hours after the questioning began Thursday morning, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) adjourned the confirmation hearing for the day. Grassley closed the session by praising Kavanaugh for his “compelling and credible” answers, highlighted his history on the bench and said that “unquestionably, you’re qualified to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States.” “I hope a lot of people in this country have formed very positive views of you, as I have,” Grassley said. Kavanaugh spent nearly 24 hours over

Washington (CNN) Brett Kavanaugh emerged from two days of tough questioning in the Senate Judiciary Committee without making any obvious missteps that could imperil his confirmation as the justice who will pull the Supreme Court to the right and hand Donald Trump a generational presidential legacy. He avoided ceding ground on the most contentious issues, either by saying he wanted to keep "three zip codes" away from politics or by arguing that he could not comment on "hypothetical" cases that could come before him on the nation's top bench. Kavanaugh refused to say whether a sitting president must respond to a subpoena -- not an academic issue in the age of Trump. He declined to agree to Democratic calls for him to recuse himself from any cases related to the Russia investigation. And he would not say where he would come down on abortion, amid expectations among conservatives he would like to overturn Roe v. Wade. But Democrats did not walk away from a deeply divisive hearing with nothing. Top lawmakers showed vigor in cross examining Kavanaugh and by portraying him as Trump's man on the court and may have at least partly lived up to expectations of the party's fired up base for a show of backbone ahead of the mid-term elections. After emerging largely unscathed after the final round of questions from senators that stretched late into Thursday evening, Kavanaugh could take comfort in passing his biggest test. If Republicans stick together he is almost certain to be

Tweet with a location You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more

Senators Dispute Status Of Released Documents As Questioning Of Kavanaugh Wraps Up Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Updated at 10:55 p.m. ET Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh weathered another long day of questions from the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday. He was pressed once again for his views on presidential power. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., sought a promise from Kavanaugh that he would be willing to serve as a check on the president who nominated him. "Give us some reassurance about your commitment to the democratic institutions in this country, in the face of a president who seems prepared to cast them aside," Durbin said. "Whether it's voter suppression, the role of the media — case after case, we hear this president willing to walk away from the rule of law in this country." "No one is above the law," Kavanaugh replied. "I've made clear in my writings that a court order that requires a president to do something or prohibits a president from doing something under the Constitution or laws of the United States is the final word in our system." Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, complained that the Supreme Court had been unduly deferential to President Trump this summer when it upheld his travel ban, despite what she called the administration's "obviously bogus" justification. She pressed Kavanaugh on when the high court should question a president's national security claims. "National security is not a blank check for the president," Kavanaugh said, pointing to

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.

Cartoon Wars Part I Cartman and Kyle are at war over the popular cartoon, "Family Guy." When the creators of the show announce that they will show the image of the prophet Muhammad, the network threatens to ban the episode. Cartman sees this as his chance to get "Family Guy" off the air for good. The two boys embark upon a mad chase across the country and the fate of "Family Guy" lies with whichever boy reaches Hollywood first.

The number of donors who raise big money for President Barack Obama jumped in the last three months as he builds a war chest for what will likely be the costliest presidential election ever. At least 41 people have raised at least half a million dollars for the president, compared to 27 in Obama's first report, according to an analysis of campaign data released Friday. The big donors, known as "bundlers," are typically well-connected people who pledge to gather tens of thousands of dollars for a candidate. Former Goldman Sachs executive Jon Corzine and Dreamworks Animation chief executive executive Jeffrey Katzenberg are on Obama's elite list and raised $500,000 or more. The president's campaign finance report shows he can still pull in major cash despite a stagnant economy, dipping approval ratings and grumblings among some liberal supporters that he has not done enough for their cause. While still keeping ties to his famed small donor operation, Obama is relying heavily on major donors early on to finance a campaign that is likely to break records in spending, according to Anthony Corrado, a campaign finance expert at Colby College in Maine. "The emphasis has been on doing larger dollar fundraising events particularly asking for $2,500," Corrado said. "Events like this help him to raise substantial amounts of money for the campaign allowing him to exceed his pace for 2007." GOP ahead in polls Obama and the Democratic National Committee have raised more than $150 million so far for his bid for

It is no secret that the relationship between President Obama and Wall Street has chilled. A striking measure of that is the latest campaign finance reports. Mitt Romney has raised far more money than Mr. Obama this year from the firms that have been among Wall Street’s top sources of donations for the two candidates. That gap underscores the growing alienation from Mr. Obama among many rank-and-file financial professionals and Mr. Romney’s aggressive and successful efforts to woo them. The imbalance exists at large investment banks and hedge funds, private equity firms and commercial banks, according to a New York Times analysis of the firms that accounted for the most campaign contributions from the industry to Mr. Romney and Mr. Obama in 2008, based on data from the Federal Election Commission and the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. It could widen as Mr. Obama, seeking to harness anger over growing income inequality, escalates his criticism of the industry, after a year spent trying to smooth ties bruised by efforts to impose tougher regulations. Since this spring, Mr. Romney has raised $1.5 million from employees of firms like Morgan Stanley; Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge fund; and Blackstone, a private equity firm. Mr. Obama has raised just over $270,000 from firms that were among his leading sources of campaign cash in 2008. Employees of Goldman Sachs, who in the 2008 campaign gave Mr. Obama over $1 million — more than donors from any other private employer in the country — have

New video shows the chaotic moments after a large tree fell on top of wedding party in Whittier. Kate Larsen reports for the NBC4 News at 11 on Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016. (Published Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016) New Video Shows Moments After Tree Fell on Wedding Party One person was killed and five others were injured after a large tree fell on top of a wedding party at a Southern California park on Saturday afternoon, according to the Los Angeles County Fire Department. Multiple people were trapped after a tree toppled over around 4:30 p.m. in Whittier's Penn Park, fire officials said. "I heard the crackling and I'm looking up and it was just an odd sound," witness Mary Escarga told NBC4. A wedding party was taking pictures after the ceremony when a 100-foot tall eucalyptus tree fell, trapping up to 20 people, the fire department said. Chainsaws were used to remove those who were trapped underneath the tree's branches. Bride's Mother Killed After Tree Falls on Wedding Party The mother of the bride was killed when a tree fell on a wedding party in Whittier. Kate Larsen reports for the NBC4 News at 9 on Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016. (Published Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016) One person was killed and five people, including a young girl, were injured. The five people who were injured suffered minor and moderate injuries and were taken to a hospital for treatment. They are expected to recover. 2 trees fell during a wedding at Penn

WHITTIER >> The Whittier community grieved Sunday as authorities continued their investigation into what caused a massive eucalyptus tree to topple onto a wedding party at Penn Park in Whittier on Saturday night, leaving one woman dead and seven other people injured, including a 4-year-old girl who was hospitalized in critical condition. Witnesses reported the group was taking pictures beneath the 100-foot-tall tree at Penn Park, 13950 Penn Street, when it suddenly uprooted and fell, transforming what began as a celebration into a scene of tragedy. The identity of the woman killed in the freak accident was not yet available Sunday, Los Angeles County Department of Medical-Examiner Investigator Rudy Molano said. The relationships between the woman who died, as well as the badly injured child, to the bride and groom were unclear. “The important thing is to focus on the family, to let them know that this community is behind them, and that we’re praying for them,” Whittier Mayor Joe Vinatieri said. • Related Story: 1 killed, child critical after tree topples onto wedding party at Whittier park “It was supposed to be one of the most exciting days of their lives, and instead, it turned into what it turned into,” he said. “There’s so many people in Whittier. … Who are upset, as am I, asking, ‘What can we do?’” the mayor said. “The best we can do right now is pray for that family and pray for that child, and let the family know that we care.” Penn

Skip in Skip x Embed x Share One woman was killed when a eucalyptus tree collapsed on a wedding party taking photos in Southern California Time Los Angeles County Fire Dept. firefighters work at the scene where a large tree fell on a wedding party in Whittier, Calif., Dec. 17. (Photo: Keith Durflinger, The Whittier Daily News via AP) A joyous wedding party was cut short Saturday afternoon when a large tree in a southern California park fell on attendees, killing one and injuring five others. Officials in Whittier, Calif., said they received multiple 911 calls around 4:30 p.m. PT of a fallen tree in Penn Park. When officers arrived, they found some family members who had gathered for wedding photos trapped underneath a large eucalyptus tree. Fire officials arrived shortly after with chain saws to cut people loose from the tree's limbs. One of the victims, who was not identified, died at the scene. "They were here for a joyous occasion and then, unfortunately, a very large tree interrupted that," said John Tripp, a Los Angeles County Fire Department deputy chief. "They right now are going through a lot of issues that we are trying to support." Los Angeles County Fire Dept. personnel work at the scene where a large tree fell on a wedding party in Whittier, Calif., on Dec. 17. Southern California fire officials say one person died and five people were injured after a large eucalyptus tree fell down onto a wedding party taking pictures at

COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — Authorities on Wednesday were searching for an inmate they believe has made his second escape from a maximum-security South Carolina prison. Officers began searching just before 2 p.m. Wednesday for Jimmy Causey, an inmate at Lieber Correctional Institution, about 90 miles (149 km) southeast of Columbia, according to Sommer Sharpe, spokeswoman for the Department of Corrections. No other details have been released. Causey, 46, has now escaped from two different prisons in a dozen years. He and another inmate, convicted murderer Johnny Brewer, escaped Broad River Correctional Institution in Columbia in 2005 by hiding in a trash truck. The pair eluded authorities for three days before being apprehended at a motel along busy Interstate 95, not far from the prison from which Causey escaped on Wednesday. A pizza delivery driver told The Associated Press at the time she tipped off authorities when she recognized a customer as one of the two men being sought by authorities. Both men were returned to prison. Brewer was found two years later, hanging from a bed sheet in his cell. Grilled by state lawmakers about how the escape happened, then-prisons director Jon Ozmint blamed budget cutbacks that had forced his department to cut 800 security positions, leaving some areas like the trash compactor and loading dock unmonitored by officers. The director also said the men had fashioned fake heads out of toilet paper and put them in their beds, fooling officers at a 7:15 a.m. prisoner count. After a 9:00

These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites.

But Lerner should have been gone shortly after this scandal first unraveled in the press. Not only is she the person who was in charge of the group that wrongly targeted conservatives, she dishonestly testified that she didn’t know about the targeting until 2012, when the inspector general found she knew as early as 2011. She’s the person who told a conference call of reporters, “I’m not that good at math,” even though she’s a manager in an agency that’s at bottom all about math. What I think is even more politically and morally suspect – and has gotten very little attention -- Lerner actually presided over the bizarre, bumbling rollout of the story, by planting a question about the controversy with an attorney at an American Bar Association conference. According to Morgan Lewis tax lawyer Celia Roady, Lerner herself asked that Roady inquire about whether the IRS had targeted conservative groups. That led to Lerner’s public apology – and the scandal swirling around the White House, which found itself surprised by the sudden disclosure. The invaluable tax-policy expert David Cay Johnston called for Lerner’s firing a week ago – and that was even before there was proof that she had set up the question at the ABA conference.

Lois Lerner, the IRS staffer who is under fire for her role in the agency’s targeting of conservative groups, has been placed on administrative leave, according to congressional aides. She will still be paid while on leave, a congressional aide said, as required under civil service rules. Lerner, who heads an IRS division that oversees tax-exempt groups, first disclosed the extra scrutiny the agency gave to Tea Party groups almost two weeks ago when answering a planted question at a Washington legal conference. Since then, lawmakers from across the political spectrum have said that they believe Lerner misled them and have called for her dismissal. Sen. Chuck Grassley (Iowa), a senior Republican on the Finance Committee, said in a Thursday statement that new acting IRS Commissioner Danny Werfel had asked Lerner to resign — and that Lerner was only placed on leave after she declined that request. Aides on Capitol Hill confirmed that Lerner had refused to resign. In her first public appearance since the disclosure, Lerner on Wednesday invoked her Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination at a House Oversight hearing. ADVERTISEMENT The IRS announced in an internal memo circulated to the media that Ken Corbin will be taking over as the acting director of the tax-exempt organizations division. Corbin, a 25-year veteran at the IRS, has been deputy director in a division that processed millions of tax returns a year. Lerner’s move to administrative leave comes after President Obama pushed out acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller over his role

Sunbury, PA (17801) Today Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 24F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 24F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. Book says Hillary talks to dead First lady acknowledged 'imaginary' chats. June 22, 1996 Web posted at: 11:55 p.m. EDT WASHINGTON (CNN) -- First lady Hillary Rodham Clinton held imaginary conversations with Eleanor Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi as a therapeutic release, according to a new book written by Bob Woodward, says a report in Sunday's edition of The Chicago Sun-Times. The first lady declined a personal adviser's suggestion that she address Jesus Christ, however, because it would be "too personal," according to Woodward's book, "The Choice." The book, which is still to be published, takes a behind-the-scenes look at the Clintons, as well as Bob and Elizabeth Dole. Woodward says the adviser was Jean Houston, co-director of the Foundation for Mind Research, which he describes as a group that studies the psychic experience and altered and expanded consciousness. The book portrays Houston as an influential adviser who urged Mrs. Clinton to write her book, "It Takes a Village and Other Lessons Children Teach Us," and in the process "virtually moved into the White House" for days at a time to help with revisions, the Sun-Times reported. Woodward suggests

Meadville, PA (16335) Today Cloudy with snow showers becoming a steady accumulating snow later on. Low 19F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 90%. Snow accumulating 1 to 3 inches.. Tonight Cloudy with snow showers becoming a steady accumulating snow later on. Low 19F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 90%. Snow accumulating 1 to 3 inches.

We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? Yes

CLOSE Doctors at a Baltimore hospital have performed the world's most extensive penis transplant, this one also involving the scrotum and part of the abdominal wall. (April 23) AP Surgeons at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine announced Monday that they have performed the first total penis and scrotum transplant on an American military veteran. (Photo: Getty Images) A U.S. serviceman severely injured several years ago in an IED blast in Afghanistan has received the world's first total penis and scrotum transplant, surgeons at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine announced Monday. The man, whose identity was not released, is recovering well and expected to regain both urinary and sexual function, Richard Redett, who led the transplant team, said at a Monday telephone news conference. The patient did not receive testicles from his donor to avoid the ethical issues that might ensue if he later had children, said Damon Cooney, another transplant team member. The testicles would have contained sperm from the recently deceased donor. The donor was not identified, nor was his cause of death, but in a statement, his family praised the sergeant’s service to his country and noted the donor family includes a number of veterans. “We are so thankful to say that our loved one would be proud and honored to know he provided such a special gift to you,” said the statement, read by Alexandra Glazier, president and CEO of New England Donor Services, which arranged for the donation. “We hope you can

WASHINGTON (AP) — A veteran who lost his genitals from a blast in Afghanistan has received the world's most extensive penis transplant, and doctors said Monday he is recovering well and expected to leave the hospital this week. Saying they wanted to address "an unspoken injury of war," Johns Hopkins University surgeons rebuilt the man's entire pelvic region — transplanting a penis, scrotum and part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor — in a highly experimental 14-hour operation last month. Such transplants "can help those warriors with missing genitalia just as hand and arm transplant transformed the lives of amputees," Dr. W.P. Andrew Lee, Hopkins' chairman of plastic and reconstructive surgery, told reporters Monday. The patient, who asked to remain anonymous, is expected to recover urinary and, eventually, sexual function. The scrotum transplant did not include the donor's testicles, meaning reproduction won't be possible. "We just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions" with that extra step, said Hopkins' Dr. Damon Cooney. Three other successful penis transplants have been reported, two in South Africa and one in 2016 at Massachusetts General Hospital. Those transplants involved only the penis, not extensive surrounding tissue that made this transplant much more complex. The loss of a penis, whether from cancer, accident or war injury, is emotionally traumatic, affecting urination, sexual intimacy and the ability to conceive a child. Many patients suffer in silence because of the stigma their injuries sometimes carry. Doctors sometimes reconstruct the form of a penis from

A 12-year-old boy died Monday after being electrocuted when he touched a fence that had been electrified by a live wire at a Fleming Athletic Complex ball field near the Bernie Ward Community Center. Melquan Kwame Robinson, of the 3400 block of Applejack Terrace, was at football practice at the Lumpkin Road complex when he went over a chain-link fence, according to Richmond County Coroner Mark Bowen. A live wire was reportedly touching the fence, and when Melquan grabbed the fence, he was electrocuted, Bowen said. Three other people were also injured in the incident. Melquan was taken to the Children's Hospital of Georgia where he was pronounced dead at 9:56 p.m. His body will be taken to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation lab for an autopsy Tuesday. Don Clark, a Robinson family friend and Melquan's former coach, said the child's parents are trying to go through the grieving process. Melquan was their firstborn and one of three children. "They're definitely upset over the fact of how could this happen, with the fact that there were so many children," Clark said. "You can play the what ifs in many different scenarios and it will never get any better. The fact that this situation happened with so many kids out here, it's heartbreaking." Clark said Melquan was very protective of his siblings and loved his family, which makes the situation that much tougher. Clark feels that it might be hard for his siblings to deal with the loss of their brother

Tuesday, October 16, 2018 (News 12 at 11) AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW/WAGT) – Multiple investigations begin after a 12-year-old boy is electrocuted at a local park and two other boys who tried to help him are still recovering from their injuries. The mom of David Sette, one of the boys who tried to help, said her son is doing better. He was moved from ICU to a regular room at The Children's Hospital, but she says doctors have some concerns with his blood levels involving muscle breakdown, which can lead to future problems. We haven't yet heard a condition update of the other friend who jumped in to help. It was a freak accident that turned tragic for three families. Deputies say 12-year-old Melquan Robinson climbed over the fence at Fleming Park to get a football. The incident report says, "When Robinson went to come back over the fence, he was electrocuted." "He had the grit and motivation to get up and keep going," said Melquan’s former football coach, Don Clark. Deputies say Melquan had no pulse. They tried to revive him, but couldn't. "If my child was the one that didn't make it, I think I would just be devastated. I wouldn't have words," Whitney Winston said. Two of Melquan's friends ran to help. Both boys were shocked too, taken to the hospital, but survived. "The fact that this happened with so many kids out here it's just. It's heartbreaking," Clark said. Parents hit especially hard knowing this could have

Could Hawaii Become A Same-Sex Wedding Destination? Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto Starting Monday, same-sex marriage is legal in Hawaii. The state has long been a destination for weddings and honeymoons. And now state officials, as well as hotels and restaurants, are hoping the latest marriage-equality law will spur a new market for wedding tourism. Wedding planner Keane Akao is showing off a secluded beach wedding site, one of several on the Hawaiian island of Oahu. "You can use the beach for pictures," he tells a couple, "and this is actually called Secret Beach." His company, Perfectly Planned Hawaii, offers wedding planning for same-sex couples. Swaying palm trees and clear blue water make for a dream ceremony. Akao started his company with his business partner less than six months ago, just before Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie called for a special session to debate same-sex marriage. "People now can look at Hawaii as a destination to have their marriage done legally," says Akao, "and for it to be recognized by the federal government, no matter what state they may live in." He has received more than two-dozen confirmations since the bill passed last month. One couple planning to marry in the islands is Cira Abiseid and Cyrilla Owle. Last month, they celebrated their union in a ceremony with family and friends at home in Conway, Ark. But their home state doesn't recognize same-sex marriage, so Owle says they're going to Hawaii to make it official. "I think there's two

Six couples tied the knot early Monday, shortly after midnight, when a new law allowing same-sex couples to marry took effect. A Waikiki resort was hosting mass ceremonies for anyone wanting to sign up, while a group of clergy who pushed for the new law planned to host a wedding for an openly gay Unitarian minister at a church near downtown Honolulu. Hawaii's marriage laws allow couples to register for a license and be married the same day, a process conducive for tourists only in the state a short time. Couples can sign up for a license online, then be verified by any license agent throughout the state. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below. The first couples are starting to take advantage of Hawaii's newfound aloha for gay weddings. Dozens of couples were expected to start tying the knot early Monday, moments after midnight, when a new law allowing same couples to marry takes effect in the state. Couples at the Sheraton Waikiki began filling out license applications a few minutes after midnight, as license agents huddled around four laptops in a conference room adjacent to a 30th floor lounge where the ceremonies were set to take place. Guests sipped champagne, dined on appetizers, listened to piano music and took pictures with each of seven cakes on display for the occasion, one for each of the first six couples getting married and a three-tiered centerpiece cake adorned with pink

SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Trading in all Nasdaq-listed stocks and options was halted on Thursday due to technical problems on the bourse, according to Nasdaq OMX Group (NASDAQ:NDAQ) . The exchange sent out a series of emails alerting investors that it was experiencing issues with "quote submissions." In response, the New York Stock Exchange has also stopped trading in all Nasdaq securities at the request of Nasdaq OMX. "All orders in those securities have been cancelled back to customers," said NYSE in a statement. The Nasdaq Composite index (NASDAQ:COMP) was last at 3631.17, up 31.38 points, before trading was suspended. There was no immediate word on when transactions will resume. [Updated with NYSE developments.] Read the full story: Nasdaq halts all trade in Nasdaq-listed securities U.S. stocks up; Nasdaq-listed trade halted

Article Excerpt A technical glitch knocked out trading in all Nasdaq Stock Market securities for three hours Thursday afternoon, an unprecedented meltdown for a U.S. exchange that paralyzed a broad swath of markets and highlighted the fragility of the financial world's electronic backbone. Nasdaq officials scrambled to figure out what happened and resume trading. They shared few of their findings with trading firms or the public during regular trading hours, sowing confusion across Wall Street and leaving many investors frustrated. The decision to reopen trading with about 35 minutes to go before the close came after exchange officials were sure that banks ...

Hand Grips Clinically Proven Beneficial for Prevention of Low Back Injuries. Don't let snow shovelling be a pain in your back. Welcome to MOTUS. We manufacture hand grips that offer arthritis and back pain relief and reduce the risk of repetitive strain injuries including Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and tendinitis. Motus grips are a snow shovel accessory that make snow shovels easier to work with. Use the D-grip and the T-grip on shovels, scoops, pushers and roof rakes. The ergonomic design adjusts to any stature, short or tall, left or right-handed. The D-grip mounts mid-way down the handle and gives lifting leverage to the forward hand. The T-grip mounts at the upper end of the handle and gives pushing and pulling control to the back hand. In combination, they optimize their mechanical advantage. There are two main actions that take place when working with snow shovels: Lifting is involved in the use of snow and scoop shovels. Biomechanically, lifting involves the body as a third class lever. Adding the D-grip mid-way down the shovel handle moves the fulcrum to the lower hand, transferring the effort to the long end of the shovel, making it a first class lever. With increased leverage, the user may now lift a heavier load with greater ease. Pushing & Pulling is involved in the use of snow pushers and roof rakes. Adding the D-grip mid-way down the handle improves posture by allowing the user to stand taller with less back bend. Limb alignment and hand position

"Would it kill you to shovel the front walk?" A monster snowstorm raging from New Mexico to Maine raises this question afresh. Typically it's posed by a woman standing with hands on hips and assuming a Thurberesque mien as she gazes down on a man exercising his thumb on the remote but otherwise in repose. The correct answer: "It might." Snow-shovel design may not rank up there with the Three Gorges Dam as an engineering challenge, but it kills more than 10 times as many people each year. My Slate colleague Juliet Lapidos has observed that the 1,200 annual heart-failure deaths attributed to blizzards represent only about 0.3 percent of all annual deaths from heart disease. But that's a lot more people than die from watching a football game (though that poses health risks too). You can say all these shovelers should exercise more, and that's certainly true. But such advice is of little help to a sedentary soul whose doorstep is suddenly buried in a four-foot drift. Advertisement The science of shoveling was invented by the Progressive Era efficiency expert (and father of Taylorism) Frederick Winslow Taylor. Taylor observed laborers shoveling varying weights and concluded that the shovel load with which "a first class man would do his biggest day's work" was about 21 pounds. That's remarkably close to the current recommendation from Canada's Center for Occupational Health and Safety (keep per-shovel snow loads below 24 pounds). At the Bethlehem Steel works in Pennsylvania, Taylor gave out shovels specifically

Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs have separated after 10 years of marriage. The pair has one son, Walker, 4. PHOTOS: Biggest celeb splits of 2013 "Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs have jointly decided to separate at this time," a rep for Menzel tells Us Weekly. "Their primary focus and concern is for their son. We ask that you respect their privacy during this time." PHOTOS: Hollywood's ugliest divorces The former couple, both 42, met while costarring in the original Broadway production of Rent in 1995 and later reprised their roles in the 2005 film adaptation. PHOTOS: Hollywood's most expensive divorces As recently as October, Diggs told Us, "We're doing good!" when congratulated on his milestone wedding anniversary at the Men's Health 25th Anniversary Party in New York City, despite the cheating rumors the couple had faced this past summer.

Taye Diggs and Idina Menzel Separate After a decade of marriage, Taye Diggs and Idina Menzel have separated, PEOPLE confirms."Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs have jointly decided to separate at this time," reps for the couple tell PEOPLE exclusively. "Their primary focus and concern is for their son. We ask that you respect their privacy during this time."Diggs – who is currently starring in The Best Man Holiday – and Menzel, both 42, met as costars in the original production of the Broadway musical Rent in the mid-1990s. They married in 2003 and had a son , Walker, in September 2009.Menzel, a Tony Award winner for Wicked who's currently voicing a character in Frozen, spoke to PEOPLE about the marriage earlier this year, saying it wasn't always smooth sailing."We work at it," she said. "I'm not going to glamorize it or glorify it – we go through tough times like everybody else, but we love each other very much. We try not to be away from each other for more than two weeks at a time, and we try to find new ways to communicate."

JERUSALEM — New archaeological tests have confirmed that the site many Christians believe to be the tomb of Jesus Christ dates back 1,700 years to A.D. 325, the same era when the Romans first identified the place as holy. With invasions, fires and even earthquakes occurring at Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre over the centuries, historians had questioned whether the tomb had been destroyed or moved. To date the tomb, known as the Holy Edicule, conservators from the National Technical University of Athens looked at radioactive elements in the architectural glue that fit it together. They also used ground-penetrating radar and laser scanning. Play Facebook Twitter Embed TODAY goes inside Church of the Holy Sepulchre: Is it Jesus' tomb? 3:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog The tomb is the size of a coat closet, and was open for just 60 hours while restoration work was also carried out. The results of the tests were first reported Tuesday by National Geographic. "Scientists and archaeologists are very excited about this because, what it does is, it corroborates our historical accounts," said National Geographic archaeology writer Kristin Romey, who was on site during the nine-month renovation project. Experts believe the site was identified around A.D. 325 A.D., when the Roman emperor Constantine the Great came to the city with his team to locate places associated with the life of Jesus. A holy fire ceremony is held at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on April

Over the centuries, Jerusalem’s Church of the Holy Sepulchre has suffered violent attacks, fires, and earthquakes. It was totally destroyed in 1009 and subsequently rebuilt, leading modern scholars to question whether it could possibly be the site identified as the burial place of Christ by a delegation sent from Rome some 17 centuries ago. Now the results of scientific tests provided to National Geographic appear to confirm that the remains of a limestone cave enshrined within the church are remnants of the tomb located by the ancient Romans. Mortar sampled from between the original limestone surface of the tomb and a marble slab that covers it has been dated to around A.D. 345. According to historical accounts, the tomb was discovered by the Romans and enshrined around 326. View Images A restorer removes debris beneath a broken marble slab to expose the original rock surface of what is considered the burial place of Jesus. Photograph by Oded Balilty, AP for National Geographic Until now, the earliest architectural evidence found in and around the tomb complex dated to the Crusader period, making it no older than 1,000 years. While it is archaeologically impossible to say that the tomb is the burial site of an individual Jew known as Jesus of Nazareth, who according to New Testament accounts was crucified in Jerusalem in 30 or 33, new dating results put the original construction of today's tomb complex securely in the time of Constantine, Rome's first Christian emperor. The tomb was opened for

LISTEN TO ARTICLE 2:32 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Steve Wynn’s plan to sell a pair of Picasso paintings for a high estimate of $105 million was derailed after the more expensive of the two was damaged Friday -- a dozen years after the billionaire collector and erstwhile casino magnate put his elbow through another masterpiece by the artist. Picasso’s 1943 self-portrait "Le Marin" Source: Christie’s “Le Marin,” a 1943 self-portrait, was damaged Friday “during the final stages of preparation” for auction Tuesday and pulled from the block, Christie’s said in a statement. It declined to comment on the nature or extent of the damage. Lin Wood, a spokesman for Wynn, declined to comment. The painting, which measures a little more than 4-by-2 1/2 feet and estimated at $70 million, was one of three Wynn consigned to Christie’s for sale this week for a total of as much as $135 million, according to the auction house’s estimates. On Monday, Picasso’s 1964 portrait of a woman with a cat, “Femme au chat assise dans un fauteuil,” was also pulled from the auction by mutual agreement with the seller, Christie’s said. That piece, also owned by Wynn, is estimated at $25 million to $35 million. Wynn, who suffers from a disease that affects his peripheral vision, accidentally struck his Picasso “Le Reve” with his right elbow in 2006 while showing it to friends in his Las Vegas office, leaving a hole the size of a silver dollar. The painting had

Follow ALBRECHT DÜRER (1471-1528) The Four Horsemen of the Apocal...

(Packaged in cans by Sierra Nevada, and draught from amazing brewers across the country. Available late December!) When the Camp Fire started in the hills above our Chico brewery on November 8, 2018, it soon became the deadliest and most destructive wildfire in California history. The fire burned more than 153,000 acres, killed at least 85 people, and destroyed more than 13,000 homes. Many of our employees and community members were severely impacted by this tragic event. In the days following the fire, we announced plans to brew Resilience Butte County Proud IPA, a fundraiser beer for Camp Fire relief. We committed to brewing the beer and donating 100% of the sales to the Sierra Nevada Camp Fire Relief Fund, aimed at long-term community rebuilding support. And we asked every brewery in the country to do it with us. We sent out the “bat signal” calling our friends in the industry, asking our suppliers to donate ingredients, asking other breweries (our competitors) to donate their time and labor costs, and asking our wholesalers and retailers to carry the beer for free. It was a big ask, and we never could have anticipated the response. More than 1,400 breweries signed up to brew Resilience. Our suppliers donated ingredients to every brewery nationwide. Wholesalers and retailers agreed to carry the beer and donate every dollar they received. All of them agreed to do this for free to benefit people they had never met. In all, Resilience Butte County Proud IPA should hit

CLOSE Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. is releasing a special edition Resilience Butte County IPA that will send 100% of the proceeds to Camp Fire relief efforts. USA TODAY Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. in Chico, California, in making Resilience Butte County Proud IPA, the proceeds of which will support Camp Fire relief efforts. (Photo: Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.) The deadliest fire in California history has set into motion the largest charitable collaboration ever among the nation's breweries, as more than 1,200 have signed on to brew a beer to raise funds for those affected by the Camp Fire in Northern California. Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., which is located in Chico, California, part of Butte County but west of the areas hardest hit by the fire, fed first responders and displaced residents during the fire and handed out clothing, too. But Ken Grossman, who founded the brewery in 1980, wanted to do more. He decided to brew a special beer, Resilience Butte County Proud IPA, and donate all the proceeds to the Sierra Nevada Camp Fire Relief Fund, which it seeded with a $100,000 donation. Then, Grossman asked other breweries across the U.S. to join in. "We are working with malt, hop and yeast suppliers to provide raw ingredient donations to all participating breweries and are asking those breweries to donate 100 percent of their sales to the fund, as well," he said in the letter, a copy of which is posted online. "We know that the rebuilding process will take time,

November 21, 2018 The Camp Fire–the most devastating wildfire in California’s history–has hit close to home for Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. While the Chico brewery was spared, many of Sierra Nevada’s employees, patrons and neighbors lost everything as the Camp Fire ravaged northern Californian. To help raise much needed support for the recovery efforts, Sierra Nevada has created a beer called Resilience IPA. Sierra Nevada, along with many of its professional brewing peers, will be brewing and selling Resilience IPA with all proceeds donated to the Sierra Nevada Camp Fire Relief Fund through Golden Valley Community Bank Foundation. It is our hope that homebrewers will make a batch of Resilience IPA in solidarity with Sierra Nevada and pro breweries across the country. While we can’t sell our creations and donate the proceeds, please consider donating to the Golden Valley Community Bank Foundation if you are able. Are you a professional brewery or homebrew shop that would like to join the cause? Contact Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. This recipe was provided by Sierra Nevada Brewing Company and scaled down from the original by Chip Walton of Chop and Brew.

Brewery Name 10 Barrel Brewing Co 1781 Brewing Co. 2Toms Brewing Co. 3 Floyds Brewing Co 3 Sheeps Brewing Co 4 Hands Brewing Co 5 Alarm Brewing Co 8th Wonder Brewery 902 Brewing Co Alamo Beer Co 44 Aldus Brewing Co. / B's of the Back Rose 555 Centennial Avenue Hanover PA 17331 163646 https://untappd.com/brewery/163646 https://untappd.akamaized.net/site/brewery_logos/brewery-163646_a0468.jpeg

Sierra Nevada Brewery in Chico is brewing up another way to raise money for victims of the Camp Fire. On Tuesday, Sierra Nevada will begin brewing a special IPA to raise money for fire relief efforts. The beer is called Resilience Butte County Proud IPA The fire hit close to home for the company, with 15 percent of their employees losing homes in the fire. Sierra Nevada Founder Ken Grossman reached out to other small breweries across the country and shared the recipe. As of Tuesday morning, 998 breweries nationwide will be making and releasing the Resilience IPA and donating the proceeds. Sierra Nevada spokesperson Robin Gregory said they now hope to raise more than a million dollars through the fundraiser. "We were absolutely blown away," Gregory said. "We knew that we would probably get a good response, and were hoping, it would be great if we could get to 500 breweries committing. That was a big kind of pie in the sky goal, now it looks like we're going to have double that number." The company's hops and malt suppliers are donating the ingredients to make the beer, and Resilience Brewing Company gave Sierra Nevada permission to use the Resilience name temporarily. Sierra Nevada founder Ken Grossman has already donated $100,000 dollars to fire victims by establishing the Sierra Nevada Camp Fire Relief Fund supported through the Golden Valley Bank Community Foundation. The IPA will be released around the first of the year.